...
24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case. Coincidence? You decide.
25% of the general population believe in statistics. The other 80% don't trust them at all.
3
3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the population.
640K ought to be enough for anybody.
6.4311
668: The Neighbor of the Beast
7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important
90% of the game is half mental.
95% of statistics are just made up anyway.
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
Abandon the urge to simplify everything, to look for formulas and easy answers, and to begin to think multidimensionally, to glory in the mystery and paradoxes of life, not to be dismayed by the multitude of causes and consequences that are inherent in each experience -- to appreciate the fact that life is complex.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
A beautiful thing happens when we start paying attention to each other. It is by participating more in your relationship that you breathe life into it.
A bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you fail to make the turn.
Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.
A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.
A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.
A book series is never truly over. The story lives on, even when the final page has been turned.
About the only problem with success is that it does not teach you how to deal with failure.
About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt axe. It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.
Above all be of single aim; have a legitimate and useful purpose, and devote yourself unreservedly to it.
Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.
Above all else, guard your heart for it affects everything else you do.
A bride will always be the belle of the ball at her own wedding.
A bridge of silver wings stretches from the dead ashes of an unforgiving nightmare
A brother is like gold and a friend is like diamond. If gold cracks you can melt it and make it just like it was before. If a diamond cracks, it can never be like it was before.
Absurdity is one of the most human things about us: a manifestation of our most advanced and interesting characteristics.
Absurdity is the ecstasy of intellectualism.
Academic success depends on research and publications.
Accepting oneself does not preclude an attempt to become better.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
Accept the next proposition you hear.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Accept whatever comes to you woven in the pattern of your destiny, for what could more aptly fit your needs?
Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.
Accept yourself, your strengths, your weaknesses, your truths, and know what tools you have to fulfill your purpose.
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties.
According to Aristophanes in Plato's The Banquet, in the ancient world of legend there were three types of people.
According to the Buddha's teaching the beginning of the life-stream of living beings is unthinkable. THe believer in the creation of life by God may be astonished at this reply. But if you were to ask him 'What is the beginning of God?' he would answer without hesitation 'God has no beginning', and he is not astonished at his own reply.
According to this law [the law of Dharma], you have a unique talent and a unique way of expressing it. There is something that you can do better than anyone else in the whole world--and for every unique talent and unique expression of that talent, there are also unique needs. When these needs are matched with the creative expression of your talent, that is the spark that creates affluence. Expressing your talents to fulfill needs creates unlimited wealth and abundance.
Accustom yourself to the belief that death is of no concern to us, since all good and evil lie in sensation and sensation ends with death. Therefore the true belief that death is nothing to us makes a mortal life happy, not by adding to it an infinite time, but by taking away the desire for immortality. For there is no reason why the man who is thoroughly assured that there is nothing to fear in death should find anything to fear in life. So, too, he is foolish who says that he fears death, not because it will be painful when it comes, but because the anticipation of it is painful; for that which is no burden when it is present gives pain to no purpose when it is anticipated. Death, the most dreaded of evils, is therefore of no concern to us; for while we exist death is not present, and when death is present we no longer exist. It is therefore nothing either to the living or to the dead since it is not present to the living, and the dead no longer are.
A challenge is near.
A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.
A charlatan makes obscure what is clear; a thinker makes clear what is obscure.
A chasm will always swallow the air around it.
A chicken is an egg's way of making another egg
Achievement has no color
Achievement is not always success, while reputed failure often is. It is honest endeavor, persistent effort to do the best possible under any and all circumstances.
Achievers have an enabling attitude, realism, and a conviction that they themselves were the laboratory of innovation. Their ability to change themselves is central to their success. They have learned to conserve their energy by minimizing the time spent in regret or complaint. Every event is a lesson to them, every person a teacher.
Achieve success in any area of life by identifying the optimum strategies and repeating them until they become habits.
A child fish asks mother fish, 'Mother, why cannot we live on the Earth?' Mother fish replied, 'Dear... it is not the place for fish, it is the place for selfish
A child may not know how to feed itself, or what to eat, yet it knows hunger.
A child who does not think about what happens around him and is content with living without wondering whether he lives honestly is like a man who lives from a scoundrel's work and is on the road to being a scoundrel.
Acknowledging the negative doesn't mean sniveling [whining, complaining]; it means facing the truth and then moving on.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
A community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.
A complete stranger has the capacity to alter the life of another irrevocably. This domino effect has the capacity to change the course of an entire world. That is what life is; a chain reaction of individuals colliding with others and influencing their lives without realizing it. A decision that seems miniscule to you, may be monumental to the fate of the world.
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
A concept is a brick. It can be used to build a courthouse of reason. Or it can be thrown through the window.
A concerted effort to preserve our heritage is a vital link to our cultural, educational, aesthetic, inspirational, and economic legacies - all of the things that quite literally make us who we are.
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
A constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements.
A constitution that is made for all nations is made for none.
A convincing demonstration of correctness being impossible as long as the mechanism is regarded as a black box, our only hope lies in not regarding the mechanism as a black box.
A creative life cannot be sustained by approval any more than it can be destroyed by criticism.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
A critical factor in its success was that the X developers were willing to give the sources away for free in accordance with the hacker ethic, and able to distribute them over the Internet.
A crocodile may lurk in the water, but a hyena hunts at night.
Across the board... Not junkies or freaks, but people who were just as comfortable with drugs like weed, booze, or coke as we are - and we're not weird, are we? Hell no, we're just overworked professionals who need to relax now and then, have a bit of the whoop and the giggle, right?
A crude age. Peace is stabilized with cannon and bombers, humanity with concentration camps and pogroms. We're living in a time when all standards are turned upside-down, Kern. Today the aggressor is the shepherd of peace, and the beaten and hunted are the troublemakers of the world. What's more, there are whole races who believe it!
Act as if! Act as if you're a wealthy man, rich already, and then you'll surely become rich. Act as if you have unmatched confidence and then people will surely have confidence in you. Act as if you have unmatched experience and then people will follow your advice. And act as if you are already a tremendous success, and as sure as I stand here today - you will become successful.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Act from reason, and failure makes you rethink and study harder. Act from faith, and failure makes you blame someone and push harder.
Acting like you don't care is not letting it go.
Action is the activity of the rational soul, which abhors irrationality and must combat it or be corrupted by it. When it sees the irrationality of others, it must seek to correct it, and can do this either by teaching or engaging in public affairs itself, correcting through its practice. And the purpose of action is to enable philosophy to continue, for if men are reduced to the material alone, they become no more than beasts.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Action leads to Attention. that in the short-term releases Rewarding brain chemicals and in the long term improves reproductive success.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility.
Act like you expect to get into the end zone.
Act only according to that maxim whereby you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law.
Acts of Kindness:
Actually, I'm an overnight success, but it took twenty years.
A cult is a religion with no political power.
A daily dose of daydreaming heals the heart, soothes the soul, and strengthens the imagination.
Adapting old programs to fit new machines usually means adapting new machines to behave like old ones.
Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own.
A daydreamer is prepared for most things.
A day for firm decisions! Or is it?
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
A dead thing can go with the stream, but only a living thing can go against it.
A designer knows he has arrived at perfection not when there is no longuer anything to add, but when there is no longuer anything to take away.
A desire to be in charge of our own lives, a need for control, is born in each of us. It is essential to our mental health, and our success, that we take control.
A device that will cut your fuel bills in half - scissors
A diamond is just a piece of charcoal that handled stress exceptionally well.
A discerning one might easily regard himself at present as the animalization of God.
Admittedly, art is somewhat like spit. It does not repulse or even worry is while it is still inside of us, but once it exits our body, it becomes disgusting.
A doctrine of
A dog has no use for fancy cars or big homes or designer clothes. Status symbol means nothing to him. A waterlogged stick will do just fine. A dog judges others not by their color or creed or class but by who they are inside. A dog doesn't care if you are rich or poor, educated or illiterate, clever or dull. Give him your heart and he will give you his. It was really quite simple, and yet we humans, so much wiser and more sophisticated, have always had trouble figuring out what really counts and what does not. As I wrote that farewell column to Marley, I realized it was all right there in front of us, if only we opened our eyes. Sometimes it took a dog with bad breath, worse manners, and pure intentions to help us see.
A dog is a dog unless he is facing you. Then he is Mr. Dog.
a dog is not considered a good dog because he is a good barker. a man is not considered a good man because he is a good talker.
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement.
A dream is a wish your heart makes, when you're fast asleep.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
Adversity introduces a man to himself.
Adversity is a natural part of being human. It is the height of arrogance to prescribe a moral code or health regime or spiritual practice as an amulet to keep things from falling apart. Things do fall apart. It is in their nature to do so. When we try to protect ourselves from the inevitability of change, we are not listening to the soul. We are listening to our fear of life and death, our lack of faith, our smaller ego's will to prevail. To listen to your soul is to stop fighting with life--to stop fighting when things fall apart; when they don't go our away, when we get sick, when we are betrayed or mistreated or misunderstood. To listen to the soul is to slow down, to feel deeply, to see ourselves clearly, to surrender to discomfort and uncertainty and to wait.
Advice is like snow; the softer it falls, the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind.
Advice to friends. Advice to fellow mothers in the same boat. "How do you do it all?" Crack a joke. Make it seem easy. Make everything seem easy. Make life seem easy and parenthood and marriage and freelancing for pennies, writing a novel and smiling after a rejection, keeping the faith after two, reminding oneself that four years of work counted for a lot, counted for everything. Make the bed. Make it nice. Make the people laugh when you sit down to write and if you can't make them laugh make them cry. Make them want to hug you or hold you or punch you in the face. Make them want to kill you or fuck you or be your friend. Make them change. Make them happy. Make the baby smile. Make him laugh. Make him dinner. Make him proud.
Aerodynamically, the bumble bee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumble bee doesn't know it so it goes on flying anyway.
Aestheticism and radicalism must lead us to jettison reason, and to replace it by a desperate hope for political miracles. This irrational attitude which springs from intoxication with dreams of a beautiful world is what I call Romanticism. It may seek its heavenly city in the past or in the future; it may preach 'back to nature' or 'forward to a world of love and beauty'; but its appeal is always to our emotions rather than to reason. Even with the best intentions of making heaven on earth it only succeeds in making it a hell -- that hell which man alone prepares for his fellow-men.
A false-statement requires deceit and distortion for someone to buy it, but a truthful-statement sells itself.
A farm includes the passion of the farmer's heart, the interest of the farm's customers, the biological activity in the soil, the pleasantness of the air about the farm -- it's everything touching, emanating from, and supplying that piece of landscape. A farm is virtually a living organism. The tragedy of our time is that cultural philosophies and market realities are squeezing life's vitality out of most farms. And that is why the average farmer is now 60 years old. Serfdom just doesn't attract the best and brightest.
A farm regulated to production of raw commodities is not a farm at all. It is a temporary blip until the land is used up, the water polluted, the neighbors nauseated, and the air unbreathable. The farmhouse, the concrete, the machinery, and outbuildings become relics of a bygone vibrancy when another family farm moves to the city financial centers for relief.
A few dud universes can really clutter up your basement.
A fight is going on inside me," said an old man to his son. "It is a terrible fight between two wolves. One wolf is evil. He is anger, envy, sorrow, regret, greed, arrogance, self-pity, guilt, resentment, inferiority, lies, false pride, superiority, and ego. The other wolf is good. he is joy, peace, love, hope, serenity, humility, kindness, benevolence, empathy, generosity, truth, compassion, and faith. The same fight is going on inside you."
A flower is there to bloom and make the earth beautiful and full of the joy of life.
A fool at forty is a fool indeed.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother.
A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
A friend of mine said something powerful at his grandfather's funeral. He said that the greatest lesson from his grandfather's life was that he died empty, because he accomplished everything he wanted, with no regrets. I think that, along with leaving a legacy, would be the greatest sign of success.
After a dream like that, you're grateful that it was just a dream, that no matter how bad your actual life, it couldn't be worse than your dream life.
After a lifetime of working, raising families, and contributing to the success of this nation in countless other ways, senior citizens deserve to retire with dignity.
After all," Anne had said to Marilla once, "I believe the nicest and sweetest days are not those on which anything very splendid or wonderful or exciting happens but just those that bring simple little pleasures, following one another softly, like pearls slipping off a string.
After all, if you do not resist the apparently inevitable, you will never know how inevitable the inevitable was.
After all, tomorrow is another day!
After all, when you come right down to it, how many people speak the same language even when they speak the same language?
After all, you can't truly be happy if you've never known pain. You can't truly feel joy if you've never felt heartbreak. You can't know what it's like to be filled unless you've been empty.
After a storm comes a calm.
After a tragedy, a farce. Philosophy enters into her power, and the earth returns under one's feet.
After I won the Oscar, my salary doubled, my friends tripled, my children became more popular at school, my butcher made a pass at me, and my maid hit me up for a raise.
After much searching I have found,
After sleeping through a hundred million centuries we have finally opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, sparkling with color, bountiful with life. Within decades we must close our eyes again. Isn't it a noble, an enlightened way of spending our brief time in the sun, to work at understanding the universe and how we have come to wake up in it? This is how I answer when I am asked--as I am surprisingly often--why I bother to get up in the mornings.
After some cogitation, it is difficult not to agree with Herman Bondi (1919 - 2005), who in his book 'Relativity and Common Sense' says:
After your death, you will be what you were before your birth.
Again and again I will suffer; again and again I will get back on my feet. I will not be defeated. I won't let my spirit be destroyed.
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
A gentleman is someone who does not what he wants to do, but what he should do.
A gift is pure when it is given from the heart to the right person at the right time and at the right place, and when we expect nothing in return
A girl will always make a man feel special.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
A golf slice will always put a smile on a baker's face.
A good book will capture your imagination.
A good compromise is one where everybody makes a contribution.
A good education is not so much one which prepares a man to succeed in the world, as one which enables him to sustain a failure.
A good friend is a connection to life, a tie to the past, a road to the future, the key to sanity in a totally insane world.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow. -Gen.
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed at some indefinite time in the future.
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.
A government for the people must depend for its success on the intelligence, the morality, the justice, and the interest of the people themselves.
A government must rule by the Grace of God or by the will of the people, it must believe in authority or in the Revolution; on these issues compromise is possible only in semblance, and only for a time. The Revolution, like the disbelief which has always accompanied it, cannot be stopped halfway; it is a force that, once awakened, will not rest until it ends in a totalitarian Kingdom of this world. The history of the last two centuries has proved nothing if not this. To appease the Revolution and offer it concessions, as Liberals have always done, thereby showing that they have no truth with which to oppose it, is perhaps to postpone, but not to prevent, the attainment of its end. And to oppose the radical Revolution with a Revolution of one's own, whether it be "conservative," " non-violent," or "spiritual," is not merely to reveal ignorance of the full scope and nature of the Revolution of our time, but to concede as well the first principle of that Revolution: that the old truth is no longer true, and a new truth must take its place.
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.
A graceful refusal is better than a lengthy promise.
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success.
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds; it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
A great human revolution in just a single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a nation and, further, can even enable a change in the destiny of all humankind.
A great lathe operator commands several times the wage of an average lathe operator, but a great writer of software code is worth 10,000 times the price of an average software writer.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
A great poet gives words wings to fly in the reader's perceptual sky.
A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up.
A great social success is a pretty girl who plays her cards as carefully as if she were plain.
A great tree develops over time and can tell stories not only those of happiness, but also those that contain pain from what it has seen over the years, and as a result is the wise ancient tree that it is today. As the seasons change, the tree naturally goes through changes as well: where the leaves turn yellow and orange in the fall, falling by the Winter, returning in the Spring, and with full set of new leafs by the Summer. Love is no different in that there will be times when we are fully naked in the Winter, and left to wonder about Spring when it seemed so easy to love, yet the wise tree knows that no winter will last forever no matter how cold it may be.
A guitar is like an old friend that is there with me.
A hard fall means a high bounce if you're made of the right material.
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp,
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?
Ah, clever clogs, but it
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer.
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there.
A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
A hydrogen atom in a cell at the end of my nose was once part of an elephant's trunk. A carbon atom in my cardiac muscle was once in the tail of a dinosaur.
Ah, ye brethren, that God whom I created was human work and human madness, like all the Gods!
Aim above morality. Be not simply good, be good for something.
Aim for brevity while avoiding jargon.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
Aim higher in case you fall short.
Ain't no sense worryin' about the things you got control over, 'cause if you got control over 'em, ain't no sense worryin'. And ain't no sense worryin' about the things you don't got control over, 'cause if you don't got control over 'em, ain't no sense worryin'.
A job promotion is in your future.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
A key to achieving success is to assemble a strong and stable management team.
A kind heart is a fountain of gladness, making everything in its vicinity freshen into smiles.
A kiss of a mistress is what a wife should never see.
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming, is not worth knowing.
Alas! You are the apple of my eye.
A leader is someone who demonstrates what's possible.
A lie never grows old.
A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.
A life full of enthusiasm, hope and contributions through one's own talent is a life well lived.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
All actual life is encounter.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
All are one
All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.
All conflicts in the world are the product of humanity's innate self-centered activity.
All creativity is an extended form of a joke.
All great achievements require time.
All great things must first wear terrifying and monstrous masks in order to inscribe themselves on the hearts of humanity.
All great things require great dedication.
All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from, and to, and why.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.
All I ask is one thing, and I'm asking this particularly of young people: please don't be cynical. I hate cynicism, for the record, it's my least favorite quality and it doesn't lead anywhere. Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you're kind, amazing things will happen.
All I ask is this: Do something. Try something. Speaking out, showing up, writing a letter, a check, a strongly worded e-mail. Pick a cause -- there are few unworthy ones. And nudge yourself past the brink of tacit support to action. Once a month, once a year, or just once...Even just learning enough about a subject so you can speak against an opponent eloquently makes you an unusual personage. Start with that. Any one of you would have cried out, would have intervened, had you been in that crowd in Bashiqa. Well thanks to digital technology, you're all in it now.
All I can be is me- whoever that is.
All I can do will only ever be a faint image of what I see and my success will always be less than my failure or perhaps equal to the failure.
All I have is all I need and all I need is all I have in this moment.
All I'm trying to say is that if you're not willing to observe this, if you're just going to condemn it, you're never going to see it. It's there, whether you like it or not. This is stupid life-force we're dealing with here," he said. "Think how old it is, Jim. Think how huge it is. Understanding it doesn't make any difference.
'All in With Laila Ali' is educational, inspirational, compelling programming profiling individuals that have reached for the sky, pushed themselves to the limit and did things that you would think were impossible.
All is flux
All is mystery; but he is a slave who will not struggle to penetrate the dark veil.
All knowledge is worth having.
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move.
All men are created equal. It is what you do from there that makes the difference. We are all free agents in life. We make our own decisions. We control our own destiny.
All men by nature desire knowledge.
All men can fly, but sadly, only in one direction - down.
All men have their frailties; and whoever looks for a friend without imperfections, will never find what he seeks.
All men of action are dreamers.
All men's gains are the fruit of venturing.
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.
All men want, not something to do with, but something to do, or rather something to be.
All modern philosophizing is political, policed by governments, churches, academics, custom, fashion, and human cowardice, all off which limit it to a fake learnedness.
All my life I wanted to be someone. I guess I should have been more specific.
All my music is inspirational. You just gotta listen to the words and get what you can get out of it.
All my problems bow before my stubbornness.
All non-trivial abstractions, to some degree, are leaky.
All of them, those in power, and those who want the power, would pamper us, if we agreed to overlook their crookedness by wilfully restricting our activities.
All of us are born for a reason, but all of us don't discover why. Success in life has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Allow yourself to enjoy each happy moment in your life.
All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.
All paths are present, always... and we can but choose among them.
All paths are the same: they lead nowhere. ... Does this path have a heart? If it does, the path is good; if it doesn't, it is of no use. Both paths lead nowhere; but one has a heart, the other doesn't. One makes for a joyful journey; as long as you follow it, you are one with it. The other will make you curse your life. One makes you strong; the other weakens you.
All problems in computer science can be solved by another level of indirection.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
All religions are based on obsolete terminology.
All resistance is a rupture with what is. And every rupture begins, for those engaged in it, through a rupture with oneself.
All sciences are vain and full of errors that are not born of Experience, the mother of all Knowledge.
All shall be done, but it may be harder than you think.
All social inequalities which have ceased to be considered expedient, assume the character not of simple inexpediency, but of injustice, and appear so tyrannical, that people are apt to wonder how they ever could have. been tolerated; forgetful that they themselves perhaps tolerate other inequalities under an equally mistaken notion of expediency, the correction of which would make that which they approve seem quite as monstrous as what they have at last learnt to condemn.
All statistics have outliers.
All suffering originates from craving, from attachment, from desire.
All sweeping generalisations are wrong.
All television is educational television. The question is: what is it teaching?
All that exists is just and unjust and is equally justified in both respects.
All that is necessary for the forces of evil to take root in the world is for enough good men to do nothing.
All that man achieves and all that he fails to achieve is the direct result of his own thoughts. His suffering and happiness are evolved from within. As he thinks, so he is. As he continues to think, so he remains.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought: it is founded on our thoughts and made up of our thoughts. If a man speak or act with an evil thought, suffering follows him as the wheel follows the hoof of the beast that draws the wagon.... If a man speak or act with a good thought, happiness follows him like a shadow that never leaves him.
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
all the leaves away,
All the problem of women, starts with men. All the problem of men, ends with women.
All these years of thinking, ending up like this: In front of all this beauty, understanding nothing.
All the so-called "secrets of success" will not work unless you do.
All the times I have suddenly realized that my parents are dead, even now, it still surprises me, to exist in the world while that which made me has ceased to exist.
All the time you're saying to yourself, 'I could do that, but I won't,' -- which is just another way of saying that you can't.
All the world is queer save thee and me, and even thou art a little queer.
All the world's a stage.
All The Woulda-Coulda-Shouldas
All things fade and quickly turn to myth.
All things of the body stream away like a river, all things of the mind are dreams and delusion; life is warfare, and a visit to a strange land; the only lasting fame is oblivion.
All things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams.
All things share the same breath - the beast, the tree, the man... the air shares its spirit with all the life it supports.
All thinking men are atheists.
All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important.
"All truth is simple." Is that not doubly a lie?
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Almost every college playwright or sketch or improv comedian was sort of aware of Christopher Durang - even kids in high school. His short plays were so accessible to younger people and I think that was inspirational to me.
Almost everything that distinguishes the modern world from earlier centuries is attibutable to science, which achieved its most spectacular triumphs in the seventeenth century.
Almost no one is foolish enough to imagine that he automatically deserves great success in any field of activity; yet almost everyone believes that he automatically deserves success in marriage.
A long apprenticeship is the most logical way to success. The only alternative is overnight stardom, but I can't give you a formula for that.
A lot of America is kind of done. People have been making films about it for 100 years. Everything to me feels used up. But Jo-Burg feels unbelievably inspirational to me.
A lot of people automatically dismiss e-currency as a lost cause because of all the companies that failed since the 1990's. I hope it's obvious it was only the centrally controlled nature of those systems that doomed them.
A lot of people don't have near the amount of success as I've been blessed to have, and it's all about working hard and hoping that continues.
A lot of people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could
A lot of the conflict you have in your life exists simply because you're not living in alignment; you're not be being true to yourself.
A lot of the time the experts, the people who are supposed to be able to tell you what to do, will tell you that you can't do something even when you know you can. And a lot of the time it's your friends ... who tell you you can do it.
A loud smile is often a fake laugh.
A love shared means that another rainbow has been released back out into the wild.
Although her disobedience is tragic, Eve's innocence is not all bad. Certainly, that innocfence leads her to make a poor choice - the very worst - but the fact that she makes a choice at all, the fact that she engages the Devil in a debate which could go either way, the fact that she acts without God breathing down her neck - all speak for her free will or, what amounts to the same thing, her margin for error. It is from this margin for error that freedom springs, because you can't be free to right unless you can be free to be wrong.
Although he's no longer with us, Steve Jobs is still inspirational to me, as he managed to find the balance between right brain/left-brain thinking that is crucial to building a creative technology business.
Although I am a typical loner in my daily life, my awareness of belonging to the invisible community of those who strive for truth, beauty, and justice has prevented me from feelings of isolation.
Although I'm only fourteen, I know quite well what I want, I know who is right and who is wrong. I have my opinions, my own ideas and principles, and although it may sound pretty mad from an adolescent, I feel more of a person than a child, I feel quite indepedent of anyone.
Although my memory's fading, I remember two things very clearly: I am a great sinner and Christ is a great Savior.
Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessings and opportunities for positive change. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day!
Although we had had no precise exponents of realism, yet after Pushkin it was impossible for a Russian writer to depart too far from actuality. Even those who did not know what to do with "real life" had to cope with it as best they could. Hence, in order that the picture of life should not prove too depressing, the writer must provide himself in due season with a philosophy.
although we very clearly see the sun, we ought not therefore to determine that it is only of the size which our sense of sight presents; and we may very distinctly imagine the head of a lion joined to the body of a goat, without being therefore shut up to the conclusion that a chimaera exists; for it is not a dictate of reason that what we thus see or imagine is in reality existent; but it plainly tells us that all our ideas or notions contain in them some truth.
Although you may not stumble across a Martian in the garden, you might stumble across yourself. The day that happens, you'll probably also scream a little. And that'll be perfectly all right, because it's not every day you realize you're a living planet dweller on a little island in the universe.
Always ask the questions you want to, life is too short to know if you'll get a second chance to ask , and afterlife is probably too long to wonder what the answer may be.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing.
Always be friendly, always be kind,
Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.
Always be like a water. Float in the times of pain or dance like waves along the wind which touches its surface.
Always be thirsty for life; always be hungry for love.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Always be yourself, there's no one better!
Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else's is unhygienic
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live.
Always concentrate on how far you've come, rather than how far you have left to go.
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it.
Always desire to learn something useful.
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do. Do not bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Always fall in with what you're asked to accept. Take what is given, and make it over your way. My aim in life has always been to hold my own with whatever's going. Not against: with.
Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.
Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
Always give your best, never get discouraged, never be petty; always remember, others may hate you, but those who hate you don't win unless you hate them, and then you destroy yourself.
Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.
Always listen to experts. They'll tell you what can't be done, and why. Then go and do it anyway.
Always look for the fool in the deal. If you don't find one, it's you.
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.
Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don't forget to lift someone up.
Always remember that striving and struggle precede success, even in the dictionary.
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.
Always Remember to take your Vitamins: Take your Vitamin A for ACTION, Vitamin B for Belief, Vitamin C for Confidence ,Vitamin D for Discipline, Vitamin E for Enthusiasm!!
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Always tell what you feel. Do what you think...
Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing that way.
Always try to make other people happy, even if you have to leave them alone to do it
A manager is a guide. He takes a group of people and says, 'With you I can make us a success; I can show you the way.'
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done.
A man can't soar too high, when he flies with his own wings.
A man could be a lover and defender of the wilderness without ever in his lifetime leaving the boundaries of asphalt, powerlines, and right-angled surfaces. We need wilderness whether or not we ever set foot in it. We need a refuge even though we may never need to set foot in it. We need the possibility of escape as surely as we need hope; without it the life of the cities would drive all men into crime or drugs or psychoanalysis.
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth; people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.
A man knows he has found his vocation when he stops thinking about how to live, and begins to live.
A man leaves his great house because he's bored
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. Ideas have endurance without death.
A man must not be without shame, for the shame of being without shame is shamelessness indeed.
A man of genius is unbearable, unless he possess at least two things besides: gratitude and purity.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
A man's errors are his portals of discovery.
A man should be able to hear, and to bear, the worst that could be said of him.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
A man, though wise, should never be ashamed of learning more, and must unbend his mind.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.
A man who gives you less than what he has to give is telling you what he thinks of you, and telling you what he thinks of himself.
A man who is not eager to help others has no chance to be a success.
A man who lacks reliability is utterly useless.
A man without ambition is dead. A man with ambition but no love is dead. A man with ambition and love for his blessings here on earth is ever so alive.
A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live.
Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work.
A mathematical formula for happiness:Reality divided by Expectations.There were two ways to be happy:improve your reality or lower your expectations.
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
America is the most grandiose experiment the world has seen, but, I am afraid, it is not going to be a success.
America is too great for small dreams.
America's abundance was created not by public sacrifices to the common good, but by the productive genius of free men who pursued their own personal interests and the making of their own private fortunes. They did not starve the people to pay for America's industrialization. They gave the people better jobs, higher wages, and cheaper goods with every new machine they invented, with every scientific discovery or technological advance- and thus the whole country was moving forward and profiting, not suffering, every step of the way.
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.
America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.
A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance.
A mile walked with a friend contains only a hundred steps.
A mind is a fire to be kindled, not a vessel to be filled.
A mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work if it isn't open.
A minute's success pays the failure of years.
A miracle is often the willingness to see the common in an uncommon way.
Am I right in suggesting that ordinary life is a mean between these extremes, that the noble man devotes his material wealth to lofty ends, the advancement of science, or art, or some such true ideal; and that the base man does the opposite by concentrating all his abilities on the amassing of wealth?'
A mistake is a crash-course in learning.
Am I weird?"
A modern philosopher who has never once suspected himself of being a charlatan must be such a shallow mind that his work is probably not worth reading.
A moment of patience in a moment of anger can help us avoid a thousand moments of sorrow.
Among peoples who possess a highly developed pugnacious instinct we find the greatest progress in the arts, sciences, social and political organization, commerce and industry. The instinct takes the milder form of rivalry which is the motive force of the great portion of the serious labors of mankind.
Among the things you can give and still keep are your word, a smile, and a grateful heart.
Among women: "Truth? Oh, you don't know truth! Is it not an attempt to assassinate all our pudeurs?"
Amor Fati -- "Love Your Fate", which is in fact your life.
A mother gives you a life, a mother-in-law gives you her life.
An age cannot bind itself and ordain to put the succeeding one into such a condition that it cannot extend its (at best very occasional) knowledge , purify itself of errors, and progress in general enlightenment. That would be a crime against human nature, the proper destination of which lies precisely in this progress and the descendants would be fully justified in rejecting those decrees as having been made in an unwarranted and malicious manner.
An American has not seen the United States until he has seen Mardi-Gras in New Orleans.
An ancient burial site will always hold clues as to who the people were, and to who we are.
An animal can't think like we do, but then again, neither can we!
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.' But eating too many, is quite enough-plenty. And you'll have to go see the good doc anyway.
An appreciation of what you have brings the ultimate abundance in your life.
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.
An artist must never be a prisoner. Prisoner? An artist should never be a prisoner of himself, prisoner of style, prisoner of reputation, prisoner of success, etc.
A nation is a detour of nature to arrive at five or six great men- yes, and then to get around them.
A nation is a detour of nature to arrive at six or seven great men.--Yes, and then to get round them.
A Nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but it's lowest ones
An attempt to achieve the good by force is like an attempt to provide a man with a picture gallery at the price of cutting out his eyes.
And a beautiful world we live in, when it is possible, and when many other such things are possible, and not only possible, but done-- done, see you!-- under that sky there, every day.
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.
...and after discarding the emptiness of the Big Congested Mess, we discover the fullness of Nothing.
Andaikata semua kehidupan ini menyakitkan, maka di luar sana pasti masih ada sepotong bagian yang menyenangkan. Kemudian kau akan membenak pasti ada sesuatu yang jauh lebih indah dari menatap rembulan di langit. Kau tidak tahu apa itu, karna ilmumu terbatas. Kau hanya yakin , bila tidak di kehidupan ini suatu saat nanti pasti akan ada yang lebih mempesona dibanding menatap sepotong rembulan yang sedang bersinar indah.
And although I have seen nothing but black crows in my life, it doesn't mean that there's no such thing as a white crow. Both for a philosopher and for a scientist it can be important not to reject the possibility of finding a white crow. You might almost say that hunting for 'the white crow' is science's principal task.
And by and by Christopher Robin came to the end of things, and he was silent, and he sat there, looking out over the world, just wishing it wouldn't stop.
And don't tell me the end justifies the means because it doesn't. We never reach the end. All we ever get is means. That's what we live with.
And, drunk with my own madness, I shouted at him furiously, "Make life beautiful! Make life beautiful!
And if my heart be scarred and burned,
And if one loves me for my judgement, memory, he does not love
And if these mountains had eyes, they would wake to find two strangers in their fences, standing in admiration as a breathing red pours its tinge upon earth's shore. These mountains, which have seen untold sunrises, long to thunder praise but stand reverent, silent so that man's weak praise should be given God's attention.
And if you think you're alone. Put on my music. Because I'm going to be there for you.
And, in the end
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
And in the end it's not the years in your life that count; it's the life in your years.
And I remembered something else that makes us human: faith, the only weapon in our arsenal to battle doubt.
And...I think that's what life is all about, actually,
And I think that's what our world is desperately in need of - lovers, people who are building deep, genuine relationships with fellow strugglers along the way, and who actually know the faces of the people behind the issues they are concerned about.
And I thought that all those little kids are going to grow up someday. And all of those little kids are going to do the things that we do. And they will all kiss someone someday. But for now, sledding is enough. I think it would be great if sledding were always enough, but it isn't.
And last are the few whose delight is in meditation and understanding; who yearn not for goods, nor for victory, but for knowledge; who leave both market and battlefield to lose themselves in the quiet clarity of secluded thought; whose will is a light rather than a fire, whose haven is not power but truth: these are the men of wisdom, who stand aside unused by the world.
And life is what we make it.
And merely looking at you, I confessed my love in a million ways.
And now I see the face of god, and I raise this god over the earth, this god whom men have sought since men came into being, this god who will grant them joy and peace and pride. This god, this one word: 'I.
And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see.
And now we step to the rhythm of miracles.
And once the storm is over, you won't remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won't even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won't be the same person who walked in. That's what this storm's all about.
And one thing we know is real: horror. It is so real, in fact, that we cannot be sure it could not exist without us. Yes, it needs our imaginations and our consciousness, but it does not ask or require our consent to use them. Indeed, horror operates with complete autonomy. Generating ontological havoc, it is mephitic foam upon which our lives merely float. And, all said, we must face up to it: horror is more real than we are.
And out of that hopeless attempt has come nearly all that we call human history--money, poverty, ambition, war, prostitution, classes, empires, slavery--the long terrible story of man trying to find something other than God which will make him happy.
And people who don't dream, who don't have any kind of imaginative life, they must... they must go nuts. I can't imagine that.
And so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.
And so I ask myself: 'Where are your dreams?' And I shake my head and mutter: 'How the years go by!' And I ask myself again: 'What have you done with those years? Where have you buried your best moments? Have you really lived? Look,' I say to myself, 'how cold it is becoming all over the world!' And more years will pass and behind them will creep grim isolation. Tottering senility will come hobbling, leaning on a crutch, and behind these will come unrelieved boredom and despair. The world of fancies will fade, dreams will wilt and die and fall like autumn leaves from the trees. . . .
And so I wait. I wait for time to heal the pain and raise me to me feet once again - so that I can start a new path, my own path, the one that will make me whole again.
And still the text will remain, if it is really cryptic and parodying (and I tell you that it is so through and through. I might as well tell you since it won't be of any help to you. Even my admission can very well be a lie because there is dissimulation only if one tells the truth, only if one tells that one is telling the truth), still the text will remain indefinitely open, cryptic and parodying.
And that's when I understand that I have been stained. Whether I'm still in love with him, whether he was ever in love with me, and no matter who he's in love with now, Willem changed my life. He showed me how to get lost, and then I showed myself how to get found.
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
And the fox said to the little prince: men have forgotten this truth, but you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.
And then, despite everything, I smiled and looked at the note and knew that spring would come --it always does. so I stared out that cold window, watching my breath collect on the glass, trying not to think about my life after the thaw.
And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.... Don't settle
And this is the forbidden truth, the unspeakable taboo - that evil is not always repellent but frequently attractive; that it has the power to make of us not simply victims, as nature and accident do, but active accomplices.
And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.
And to all this she must yet add something more substantial, in the improvement of her mind by extensive reading.
And to awaken me She comes every night in my dream and kisses me.
And when I breathed, my breath was lightning.
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
And you don't even need to say anything. I'm screwed up. I don't know how any of this works anymore than you do. But I do believe you're worth every second it would take to figure it out," Mason said, a smile taking over his features.
A neat desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
A neat desk is the sign of a sick mind.
An empowered organisation is one in which individuals have the knowledge, skill, desire, and opportunity to personally succeed in a way that leads to collective organisational success.
An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it.
A new day always comes with new hopes, new opportunities, and new lives.
A new study shows that licking the sweat off a frog can cure depression. The down side is, the minute you stop licking, the frog gets depressed again.
An expert is, according to my working definition "someone who doesn't need to look up answers to easy questions".
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.
An eye is meant to see things.
Anger is a mask that tries to hide inner weakness.
Anger is like flowing water; there's nothing wrong with it as long as you let it flow. Hate is like stagnant water; anger that you denied yourself the freedom to feel, the freedom to flow; water that you gathered in one place and left to forget. Stagnant water becomes dirty, stinky, disease-ridden, poisonous, deadly; that is your hate. On flowing water travels little paper boats; paper boats of forgiveness. Allow yourself to feel anger, allow your waters to flow, along with all the paper boats of forgiveness. Be human.
Angka dua untuk daya yang dikenal sebagai Yin dan Yang - setara dan berlawanan; mereka menyatukan alam semesta ini bersama-sama (Putri Yangxin-Garden of The Purple Dragon)
An honest answer is the sign of true friendship.
An honest religious thinker is like a tightrope walker. He almost looks as though he were walking on nothing but air. His support is the slenderest imaginable. And yet it really is possible to walk on it.
A nice cake is waiting for you.
An idea is salvation by imagination
An ignorant person is inclined to blame others for his own misfortune. To blame oneself is proof of progress. But the wise man never has to blame another or himself.
Animals are irrational men
An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity.
An intellectual? Yes. And never deny it. An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself. I like this, because I am happy to be both halves, the watcher and the watched. "Can they be brought together?" This is a practical question. We must get down to it. "I despise intelligence" really means: "I cannot bear my doubts.
An intelligent man is one who acknowledges his intelligence as that of those who surround him.
An interpreter raises the machine to the level of the user program; a compiler lowers the user program to the level of the machine language.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
An inventor is a man who asks 'Why?' of the universe and lets nothing stand between the answer and his mind.
An investment in enthusiasm ought to start to pay off.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
A non negative binary integer value x is a power of 2 if (x & (x-1)) is 0 using 2's complement arithmetic.
...an optimistic mind-set finds dozens of possible solutions for every problem that the pessimist regards as incurable.
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves.
An ordinary mirror is silvered at the back but the window of the night train has darkness behind the glass. My face and the faces of other travellers were now mirrored on this darkness in a succession of stillnesses. Consider this, said the darkness: any motion at any speed is a succession of stillnesses; any section through an action will show just such a plane of stillness as this dark window in which your seeking face is mirrored. And in each plane of stillness is the moment of clarity that makes you responsible for what you do.
An ounce of gold cannot buy an ounce of time.
An ounce of mother is worth a pound of clergy.
An ounce of practice is better than tons of teaching.
A no uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a yes merely uttered to please or what is worse, to avoid trouble.
A novel is never anything but a philosophy expressed in images. And in a good novel the philosophy has disappeared into the images.
An over examination of life can deter you from life itself
Anticipation is the key to success.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
Anxiety is the handmaiden of creativity
Anybody who succeeds is helping people. The secret to success is find a need and fill it; find a hurt and heal it; find a problem and solve it.
Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him.
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.
Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else.
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.
Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep.
Any fool can make the simple complex, only a smart person can make the complex simple.
Any fool can see the limits of seeing, but not even the wisest know the limits of knowing. Thus is ignorance rendered invisible, and are all Men made fools.
Any game where the goal is to build territory has to be beautiful. There may be phases of combat, but they are only means to an end, to allow your territory to survive. One of the most extraordinary aspects of the game of go is that it has been proven that in order to win, you must live, but you must also allow the other player to live. Players who are too greedy will lose: it is a subtle game of equilibrium, where you have to get ahead without crushing the other player. In the end, life and death are only the consequences of how well or how poorly you have made your construction. This is what one of Taniguchi's characters says: you live, you die, these are consequences. It's a proverb for playing go, and for life.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius -- and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
Any man worth his salt will stick up for what he believes right, but it takes a slightly better man to acknowledge instantly and without reservation that he is in error.
Anyone can dabble, but once you've made that commitment, your blood has that particular thing in it, and it's very hard for people to stop you.
Anyone can exist. Most fools do. It takes guts to truly Live.
Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.
Anyone who fights for the future, lives in it today.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Anyone who has to fight, even with the most modern weapons, against an enemy in complete command of the air, fights like a savage against modern European troops, under the same handicaps and with the same chances of success.
Anyone who isn't confused really doesn't understand the situation.
Anyone who is steady in his determination for the advanced stage of spiritual realization and can equally tolerate the onslaughts of distress and happiness is certainly a person eligible for liberation.
Any person who, with all the sincerity of heart, is in search for God, on land or in the sea, is worthy of respect.
Any philosophy, whether of a religious or political nature - and sometimes the dividing line is hard to determine - fights less for the negative destruction of the opposing ideology than for the positive promotion of its own. Hence its struggle is less defensive than offensive. It therefore has the advantage even in determining the goal, since this goal represents the victory of its own idea, while, conversely,it is hard to determine when the negative aim of the destruction of a hostile doctrine may be regarded as achieved and assured. For this reason alone, the philosophy's offensive will be more systematic and also more powerful than the defensive against a philosophy, since here, too, as always, the attack and not the defence makes the decision. The fight against a spiritual power with methods of violence remains defensive, however, until the sword becomes the support,the herald and disseminator, of a new spiritual doctrine.
Any species that exempts itself from the rules of competition ends up destroying the community in order to support its own expansion.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is undistinguishable from magic.
Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad hoc, informally specified, bug-ridden, slow implementation of half of Common Lisp.
Anything free is worth the price.
Anything in life worth having is worth working for.
Anything is possible. Anything can be.
Anything not nailed down is mine. Anything I can pry loose is not nailed down.
Anything that makes weak - physically, intellectually and spiritually, reject it as poison.
Anything that's human is mentionable, and anything that is mentionable can be more manageable. When we can talk about our feelings, they become less overwhelming, less upsetting, and less scary. The people we trust with that important talk can help us know that we are not alone.
Anything that won't sell, I don't want to invent. Its sale is proof of utility, and utility is success.
Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.
Anything under God's control is never out of control.
Anything worth taking seriously is worth making fun of.
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.
Any war that requires the suspension of reason as a necessity for support is a bad war.
A painter should begin every canvas with a wash of black, because all things in nature are dark except where exposed by the light.
A painting is more than the sum of its parts,' he would tell me, and then go on to explain how the cow by itself is just a cow, and the meadow by itself is just grass and flowers, and the sun peeking through the trees is just a beam of light, but put them all together and you've got magic.
Apakah seorang pencari keheningan adalah si mulia? ataukah si pengecut yang tidak berani menghadapi masalah dunia?
A Paradox, the doughnut hole. Empty space, once, but now they've learned to market even that. A minus quantity; nothing, rendered edible. I wondered if they might be used-metaphorically, of course-to demonstrate the existence of God. Does naming a sphere of nothingness transmute it into being?
A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on.
A part of us remains wherever we have been.
A passionate belief in your business and personal objectives can make all the difference between success and failure. If you aren't proud of what you're doing, why should anybody else be?
A path is only a path, and there is no affront, to oneself or to others, in dropping it if that is what your heart tells you . . . Look at every path closely and deliberately. Try it as many times as you think necessary. Then ask yourself alone, one question . . . Does this path have a heart? If it does, the path is good; if it doesn't it is of no use.
A Penny Saved is a Penny Earned
A penny saved is a penny earned.
A penny saved is not worth much, honestly.
A person is not given integrity. It results from the relentless pursuit of honesty at all times.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
A person who has not been completely alienated, who has remained sensitive and able to feel, who has not lost the sense of dignity, who is not yet "for sale", who can still suffer over the suffering of others, who has not acquired fully the having mode of existence - briefly, a person who has remained a person and not become a thing - cannot help feeling lonely, powerless, isolated in present-day society. He cannot help doubting himself and his own convictions, if not his sanity. He cannot help suffering, even though he can experience moments of joy and clarity that are absent in the life of his "normal" contemporaries. Not rarely will he suffer from neurosis that results from the situation of a sane man living in an insane society, rather than that of the more conventional neurosis of a sick man trying to adapt himself to a sick society. In the process of going further in his analysis, i.e. of growing to greater independence and productivity,his neurotic symptoms will cure themselves.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
A philosopher is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat that isn't there. A theologian is the man who finds it.
A philosopher is a lover of wisdom, not of knowledge, which for all its great uses ultimately suffers from the crippling effect of ephemerality. All knowledge is transient linked to the world around it and subject to change as the world changes, whereas wisdom, true wisdom is eternal immutable. To be philosophical one must love wisdom for its own sake, accept its permanent validity and yet its perpetual irrelevance. It is the fate of the wise to understand the process of history and yet never to shape it.
A philosopher knows that in reality he knows very little. That is why he constantly strives to achieve true insight. Socrates was one of these rare people. He knew that he knew nothing about life and about the world. And now comes the important part: it troubled him that he knew so little.
A philosopher named Aristippus, who had quite willingly sucked up to Dionysus and won himself a spot at his court, saw Diogenes cooking lentils for a meal. "If you would only learn to compliment Dionysus, you wouldn't have to live on lentils."
A philosophical thought is not supposed to be impervious to all criticism; this is the error Whitehead describes of turning philosophy into geometry, and it is useful primarily as a way of gaining short-term triumphs in personal arguments that no one else cares (or even knows) about anyway. A good philosophical thought will always be subject to criticisms (as Heidegger's or Whitehead's best insights all are) but they are of such elegance and depth that they change the terms of debate, and function as a sort of "obligatory passage point" (Latour's term) in the discussions that follow.
A philosophy professor at my college, whose baby became enamored of the portrait of David Hume on a Penguin paperback, had the cover laminated in plastic so her daughter could cut her teeth on the great thinker.
A photographer is like a cod, which produces a million eggs in order that one may reach maturity.
A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.
A picture held us captive. And we could not get outside it, for it lay in our language and language seemed to repeat it to us inexorably.
A piece of art comes to life, when we can feel, it is breathing, when it talks to us and starts raising questions. It may dispel biased perceptions; make us recognize ignored fragments and remember forsaken episodes of our life story. Art may sometimes even be nasty and disturbing, if we don't want to consent to its philosophy or concept, but it might, in the end, perhaps reconcile us with ourselves. ("When is Art?")
A place for everything, everything in its place.
Apocalypse is a frame of mind." [Nicodemus] said then. "A belief. A surrender to inevitability. It is a despair for the future. It is the death of hope.
A poet is intensely in love with live and passionately wants to express his or her experience with love and beauty.
A poet is not an apostle; he drives out devils only by the power of the devil.
A poet or philosopher should have no fault to find with his age if it only permits him to do his work undisturbed in his own corner; nor with his fate if the corner granted him allows of his following his vocation without having to think about other people.
A positive attitude will not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
A positive person discusses possibilities. A negative person discusses problems. A cynic is oblivious to positivity and negativity.
Applause waits on success.
Appreciate the moment of a first kiss; it may be the last time you own your heart.
Approval is overrated...Approval and disapproval alike satisfy those who deliver it more than those who receive it. I don't care for approval, and I don't mind doing without.
A preoccupation with the next world clearly shows an inability to cope credibly with this one.
A present is a friend you give yourself.
A prime candidate for natural deselection.
A prison becomes a home when you have the key.
A prudent man should always follow in the path trodden by great men and imitate those who are most excellent, so that if he does not attain to their greatness, at any rate he will get some tinge of it.
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day.
A quitter never wins-and-a winner never quits.
Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things; that's all.
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.
A real scientist solves problems, not wails that they are unsolvable.
A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success.
A respectable appearance is sufficient to make people more interested in your soul
Are you genuine? Or merely an actor? A representative? Or that which is represented? In the end, perhaps you are merely a copy of an actor. Second question of conscience.
Are you not ashamed of caring so much for the making of money and for fame and prestige, when you neither think nor care about wisdom and truth and the improvement of your soul?
Are you one who looks on? Or one who lends a hand? Or one who looks away and walks off? Third question of conscience.
Are you on our side...and want to be different, or are you on that side and want to throw a football at my head!?
Are you willing to wear your white belt?
Argo f=E2=80=94 yourself.
Argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours.
Argue not concerning God,...re-examine all that you have been told at church or school or in any book, dismiss whatever insults your soul...
Argue with idiots, and you become an idiot. If you compete with slaves you become a slave.
Arise, awake, stop not till the goal is reached.
Aristotle may be regarded as the cultural barometer of Western history. Whenever his influence dominated the scene, it paved the way for one of history's brilliant eras; whenever it fell, so did mankind.
A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but its persistence.
A robot will never appreciate the beauty of a sunrise or sunset.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
Around here, however, we don't look backwards for very long. We keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things, because we're curious...and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
Around the hero everything becomes a tragedy; around the demigod everything becomes a satyr-play; and around God everything becomes--what? perhaps a "world"?
Arrange whatever pieces come your way.
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another.
Arrogance on the part of the meritorious is even more offensive to us than the arrogance of those without merit: for merit itself is offensive.
Artificial Intelligence is just the alien inside of us.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Art is the proper task of life.
Art is the social antithesis of society, not directly deducible from it.
Art is whatever you can get away with.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
A sail boat that sails backwards can never see the sun rise.
A sailor chooses the wind that takes the ship from a safe port. Ah, yes, but once you're abroad, as you have seen, winds have a mind of their own. Be careful, Charlotte, careful of the wind you choose.
As a man, casting off worn out garments taketh new ones, so the dweller in the body, entereth into ones that are new.
As an actor there's a lot of scrutiny and, even when you've had success, it becomes about sustaining that success. A friend of mine described it as a peakless mountain. Even for De Niro there's Pacino and for Pacino there's De Niro.
As a philosopher, if I were speaking to a purely philosophic audience I should say that I ought to describe myself as an Agnostic, because I do not think that there is a conclusive argument by which one can prove that there is not a God. On the other hand, if I am to convey the right impression to the ordinary man in the street I think that I ought to say that I am an Atheist, because, when I say that I cannot prove that there is not a God, I ought to add equally that I cannot prove that there are not the Homeric gods.
As a rule, we don't like to feel to sad or lonely or depressed. So why do we like music (or books or movies) that evoke in us those same negative emotions? Why do we choose to experience in art the very feelings we avoid in real life?
As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.
As builders and creators finding the perfect solution should not be our main goal. We should find the perfect problem.
A scam is only a scam when it is discovered by the gullible that were taken in by the lure of making easy money in the first place.
A scientist may not be sure of the answer, but he's often sure he can find one. And that's a condition which is clearly not enjoyed by philosophy.
As Darwin discovered, competition is important for the survival of our species. It may not be the competition with others but the competition within ourselves.
A sense of calm came over me. More and more often I found myself thinking, "This is where I belong. This is what I came into this world to do.
A sense of humor... is needed armor. Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life.
A sentence is something you should never put a preposition at the end of.
A serious and good philosophical work could be written consisting entirely of jokes.
As far as I am concerned, philosophic questioning is just as likely to make you confused and depressed as it is to improve your condition.
As for courage and will we cannot measure how much of each lies within us, we can only trust there will be sufficient to carry through trials which may lie ahead.
As for Doing-good,
As for the future, your task is not to foresee it but to enable it.
As for what it's against - the story is against those who pervert and misuse religion, or any other kind of doctrine with a holy book and a priesthood and an apparatus of power that wields unchallengeable authority, in order to dominate and suppress human freedoms.
A shepherd has always need of a bell-wether--or he has himself to be a wether occasionally.
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
A ship in the harbor is safe. But that's not what ships are for.
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
As human beings, our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world, that is the myth of the atomic age - as in being able to remake ourselves.
As if!
...as I get older, I find myself insisting on my right to be philosophically sloppy.
A signature always reveals a man's character - and sometimes even his name.
A sign of a lover of wisdom is his delight in not running his mouth about things he doesn't know.
A sign of strong character, when once the resolution has been taken, to shut the ear even to the best counter-arguments. Occasionally, therefore, a will to stupidity.
As I go clowning my sentimental way into eternity, wrestling with all my problems of estrangement and communion, sincerity and simulation, ambition and acquiescence, I shuttle between worrying whether I matter at all and whether anything else matters but me.
As I naturally go through a full range of emotions in my life, I mustn't feel ashamed for feeling lost, for it is honest and human to feel such.
As individuals express their life, so they are.
A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least to the end of the blackboard.
A sin is nothing more than regret. Not for doing it once, but doing it again when you know you're going to regret it.
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.
A sister is a dearest friend, a closest enemy, and an angel at the time of need.
As I've progressed in my career, I've come to appreciate - and really value - the other attributes that define a company's success beyond the P&L: great leadership, long-term financial strength, ethical business practices, evolving business strategies, sound governance, powerful brands, values-based decision-making.
Ask advice, but use your own common sense.
Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you.
Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!
As kids we're not taught how to deal with success; we're taught how to deal with failure. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. If at first you succeed, then what?
Ask me about my vow of silence.
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.
Ask yourself these three questions, Tatiana Metanova, and you will know who you are. Ask: What do believe in? What do you hope for? What do you love?
Aslan: You doubt your value. Don't run from who you are.
As life in general constituted much pain in the form of struggles against poverty, disease, ignorance, and emotional anguish, what more civilized way for people to alleviate the same than by giving themselves to one another as brothers and sisters in deed as well as in word? A society of people hoping to become politically superior needed first to become spiritually valid.
A slipping gear could let your M203 grenade launcher fire when you least expect it. That would make you quite unpopular in what's left of your unit.
As long as a man had the courage to reject what society told him to do, he could live life on his own terms. To what end? To be free. But free to what end? To read books, to write books, to think.
As long as I'm not selling out the people that ride or die with me, I'm glad I'm not an MC. I'm a motivational speaker. I'm not that rapper dude.
As long as one believes in philosophy, one is healthy; sickness begins when one starts to think.
As long as there is institutional inequality, hell, naw we can't all get along!
As long as we are children, we have the ability to experience things around us--but then we grow used to the world. To grow up is to get drunk on sensory experience.
As long as you have life and breath, believe. Believe for those who cannot. Believe even if you have stopped believing. Believe for the sake of the dead, for love, to keep your heart beating, believe. Never give up, never despair, let no mystery confound you into the conclusion that mystery cannot be yours.
As long as your ideas of what's possible are limited by what's actual, no other idea has a chance.
As long as you think your past is bad you must be improving.
As machines learn they will do the one thing that man hasn't.
As man draws nearer to the stars, why should he not also draw nearer to his neighbor?
A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.
A smile can take you anywhere in life.
A smile is a girl's essential item, and a man's weakness.
A smile is the beginning of peace.
A smile is the universal welcome.
A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.
A smile starts on the lips, A grin spreads to the eyes, A chuckle comes from the belly; But a good laugh bursts forth from the soul, Overflows, and bubbles all around.
A smile's warmth comes from the fire within the heart.
A smiling lie is a whirlwind, easy to enter, but hard to escape.
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
As my family story shows, Latinos have been a blessing for USA for many generations. The future of America depends in part on the success of the Latino community, and this opportunity is just one more signifier of that.
As my father used to tell me, the only true sign of success in life is being able to do for a living that which makes you happy.
As my sufferings mounted I soon realized that there were two ways in which I could respond to my situation -- either to react with bitterness or seek to transform the suffering into a creative force. I decided to follow the latter course.
A somebody was once a nobody who wanted to and did.
A soul that is kind and intends justice discovers more than any sophist.
A soul which knows that it is loved, but does not itself love, betrays its sediment: its dregs come up.
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.
a spider and a fly
Asshole Proximity Disorder
Associate Yourself with People Who Think Positively:
As soon as a religion comes to dominate it has as its opponents all those who would have been its first disciples.
as soon as we renounce fiction and illusion, we lose reality itself; the moment we subtract fictions from reality, reality itself loses its discursive-logical consistency.
As soon as you have made a thought, laugh at it.
Assumption is the mother of all screw-ups.
A star falls from the sky and into your hands. Then it seeps through your veins and swims inside your blood and becomes every part of you. And then you have to put it back into the sky. And it's the most painful thing you'll ever have to do and that you've ever done. But what's yours is yours. Whether it's up in the sky or here in your hands. And one day, it'll fall from the sky and hit you in the head real hard and that time, you won't have to put it back in the sky again.
As the builders say, the larger stones do not lie well without the lesser.
As the nights get colder, the hugs get warmer.
As the smoke clears,
A stone is heavy and the sand is weighty; but a fool's wrath is heavier than them both.
Astonishment is the root of philosophy.
A strong cup of tea ails many woes.
A strong passion for any object will ensure success, for the desire of the end will point out the means.
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.
A student, filled with emotion and crying, implored, "Why is there so much suffering?"
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him.
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times -- always with the same person.
A sunset paints the sky as if there were no tomorrow.
A sure cure for seasickness is to sit under a tree.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
As we go through life we gradually discover who we are, but the more we discover, the more we lose ourselves.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
As we raise our national flag do we also raise our hatred and ignorance?
As you become more clear about who you really are, you'll be better able to decide what is best for you - the first time around.
As you start your journey, the first thing you should do is throw away that store-bought map and begin to draw your own.
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.
As you walk through forests
A tail call allows a function to return the result of another function without leaving an entry on the stack. Tail recursion is a specific case of tail calling.
A tamed woman will never leave her mark in the world.
At any given moment, you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end.
A tense table will never be able to hold the English crockery that is placed upon it.
A text is not a text unless it hides from the first comer, from the first glance, the law of its composition and the rules of its game. A text remains, moreover, forever imperceptible. Its laws and rules are not, however, harbored in the inaccessibility of a secret; it is simply that they can never be booked, in the present, into anything that could rigorously be called a perception.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
Atheism is a way of humility. It's to think oneself to be an animal, as we are actually and to allow oneself to become human.
Atheism is not a philosophy; it is not even a view of the world; it is simply an admission of the obvious. In fact, 'atheism' is a term that should not even exist. No one needs to identify himself as a 'non-astrologer' or a 'non-alchemist.' We do not have words for people who doubt that Elvis is still alive or that aliens have traversed the galaxy only to molest ranchers and cattle. Atheism is nothing more than the noises reasonable people make in the presence of unjustified religious beliefs.
A thing is only as great as the amount a person is willing to risk for it. If you are not willing to risk anything, then the thing mustn't be so great at all.
A thing of beauty is a joy for ever:
A thing that is explained ceases to concern us--What did the God mean who gave the advice, "Know thyself!" Did it perhaps imply "Cease to be concerned about thyself! become objective!"--And Socrates?--And the "scientific man"?
At his best, man is the noblest of all animals; separated from law and justice he is the worst.
A thought transfixed me: for the first time in my life I saw the truth as it is set into song by so many poets, proclaimed as the final wisdom by so many thinkers. The truth-that love is the ultimate and the highest goal to which a man can aspire.
A thousand words leave not the same deep impression as does a single deed.
A tiny change today brings a dramatically different tomorrow.
A toast, Jedediah, to love on my terms. Those are the only terms anybody ever knows - his own.
At Princeton I gained a great deal of pleasure from success in my classes. knowing that I could accomplish those things, and I realized that my success was directly proportionate to the work I put in.
A tragic irony of life is that we so often achieve success or financial independence after the chief reason for which we sought it has passed away.
A tree may fall in the forest , but still never reach the ground.
A true confession: I believe in a soluble fish.
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
A true hero is not someone who thinks about doing what is right, but one that simply does what is right without thinking!
A true philosopher must never give up.
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty.
A truth is not necessary, because we negatively are not able to conceive the actual existence of the opposite thereof;but a truth is necessary when we positively are able to apprehend that the negation thereof includes an inevitable contradiction. It is not that that we can see how the opposite comes to be true, but it is that the opposite can not possibly be true.
A truth that no one knows is still the truth.
A truth that's told with bad intent
At such times the universe gets a little closer to us. They are strange times, times of beginnings and endings. Dangerous and powerful. And we feel it even if we don't know what it is. These times are not necessarily good, and not necessarily bad. In fact, what they are depends on what *we* are.
At sunrise everything is luminous but not clear.
At the age of 18, I made up my mind to never have another bad day in my life. I dove into a endless sea of gratitude from which I've never emerged.
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.
At the end of the day, the most overwhelming key to a child's success is the positive involvement of parents.
At the end of the day, the one commonality that both Hindi cinema and Hollywood share is that they are full of talented and inspirational people. Outside of this, there are many differences, from the scheduling and rehearsal to promotion and directing techniques.
At the end of the day, you are solely responsible for your success and your failure. And the sooner you realize that, you accept that, and integrate that into your work ethic, you will start being successful. As long as you blame others for the reason you aren't where you want to be, you will always be a failure.
At the heart of nature's mystery lies another mystery.
At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities.
At the time this is written the testing has not yet been completed, but the resulting system is guaranteed to be flawless
At the very best, a mind enclosed in language is in prison. It is limited to the number of relations which words can make simultaneously present to it; and remains in ignorance of thoughts which involve the combination of a greater number. These thoughts are outside language, they are unformulable, although they are perfectly rigorous and clear and although every one of the relations they involve is capable of precise expression in words. So the mind moves in a closed space of partial truth, which may be larger or smaller, without ever being able so much as to glance at what is outside.
At this point we can finally see what's really at stake in our peculiar habit of defining ourselves simultaneously as master and slave, reduplicating the most brutal aspects of the ancient household in our very concept of ourselves, as masters of our freedoms, or as owners of our very selves. It is the only way that we can imagine ourselves as completely isolated beings. There is a direct line from the new Roman conception of liberty -- not as the ability to form mutual relationships with others, but as the kind of absolute power of "use and abuse" over the conquered chattel who make up the bulk of a wealthy Roman man's household -- to the strange fantasies of liberal philosophers like Hobbes, Locke, and Smith, about the origins of human society in some collection of thirty- or forty-year-old males who seem to have sprung from the earth fully formed, then have to decide whether to kill each other or begin to swap beaver pelts.
Atticus, he was real nice."
At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Attitude is more important than facts. It is more important than the past, than education, money, circumstances, than failures and success, than what other people think, say, or do. It is more important than appearance, ability, or skill. It will make or break a business, a home, a friendship, an organization. The remarkable thing is I have a choice every day of what my attitude will be. I cannot change my past. I cannot change the actions of others. I cannot change the inevitable. The only thing I can change is attitude. Life is ten percent what happens to me and ninety percent how I react to it.
Attitude is no substitute for competence.
at your weakest, you end up showing more strength; at your lowest, you are suddenly lifted higher than you've ever been. They all border one another, these opposites and show how quickly we can be altered.
A villain is just a victim whose story hasn't been told.
Avoid crawfish.
Avoid loud and aggressive persons,
Awake, arise or be for ever fall'n.
Awards are not the only markers of success; I don't judge myself just based on them. I believe that each cinema-goer has his own mental trophies.
A well directed imagination is the source of great deeds.
A will finds a way.
a wind has blown the rain away
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up
A winner makes commitments. A loser makes promises.
A wise man always has something to say, whereas a fool always needs to say something.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
A wise man makes his own decisions; an ignorant man follows public opinion.
A witty saying proves nothing.
Awkward silences rule the world. People are so terrified of awkward silences that they will literally go to war rather than face an awkward silence.
A woman can't do anything about her appearance. Either she's pretty or she isn't. But her character is quite another matter.
A woman could be as beautiful as she felt herself to be.
A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.
A Woman in harmony with her spirit
A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
A work well begun is half-ended.
A world without poetry and art would be too much like one without birds or flowers: bearable but a lot less enjoyable.
A writer always writes.
A writer is one who communicates ideas and emotions people want to communicate but aren't quite sure how, or even if, they should communicate them.
A writer must teach himself that the basest of all things is to be afraid.
A year from now you may wish you had started today.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else.
Badges? We ain't got no badges! We don't need no badges! I don't have to show you any stinking badges!
Barack Obama likes to point to General Motors as the poster child for the job creation success of his economic policies. However, whatever your sentiments about the government's bailout of General Motors, for every job Barack Obama 'saved-or-created' in the U.S. there were two jobs off shore.
Barack Obama's inspirational whoosh to the presidency in 2008 was unusual. Most campaigns are less exhilarating; indeed, they are downright disappointing - until someone wins.
Baseless victimhood is usually the last stage before outright aggression.
Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd.
Be a life long or short, its completeness depends on what it was lived for.
Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
Beannacht / Blessing
Be a surfer. Watch the ocean. Figure out where the big waves are breaking and adjust accordingly.
Be a true Heart, not a follower.
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.
Beauty as we feel it is something indescribable; what it is or what it means can never be said.
Beauty is about being comfortable in your own skin. It's about knowing and accepting who you are.
Beauty is an experience, nothing else. It is not a fixed pattern or an arrangement of features. It is something felt, a glow or a communicated sense of fineness.
Beauty is an expression of the inner and outer simplicity, kindness, and uniqueness of a person.
Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul like you.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone
Beauty is the only human aspect which cannot be captured on any canvas howsoever hard an artist tries. At the most, the undaunted artist can replicate the beauty on paper but what is a replica in comparison to the original! The humbling resemblance can only be respected, not truly adored.
Be awesome! Let your mind dance like a butterfly and your heart sing like a flower.
Be a worthy worker and work will come.
Bebek berjalan berbondong-bondong, akan tetapi burung elang terbang sendirian.
Be better than you were yesterday.
Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been.
Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.
Be careful of your actions. You never know when your creating a memory.
Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.
... because all things have contributed to your advancement, you should include all things in your gratitude.
Because each of you has his or her own death, you carry it with you in a secret place from the moment you're born, it belongs to you and you belong to it.
Because," explained Mary Rommely simply, "the child must have a valuable thing which is called imagination. The child must have a secret world in which live things that never were. It is necessary that she believe. She must start out by believing in things not of this world. Then when the world becomes too ugly for living in, the child can reach back and live in her imagination. I, myself, even in this day and at my age, have great need of recalling the miraculous lives of the Saints and the great miracles that have come to pass on earth. Only by having these things in my mind can I live beyond what I have to live for.
because he's Will
Because I trust in the ever-changing climate of the heart. (At least, today I feel that way.) I think it is necessary to have many experiences for the sake of feeling something; for the sake of being challenged, and for the sake of being expressive, to offer something to someone else, to learn what we are capable of.
Because it's much more pleasant to be obsessed over how the hero gets out of his predicament than it is over how I get out of mine.
Because life is a living, breathing work of art, you are a painting as you go. Be a masterpiece. Drink in life. Laugh too loud. Compliment others constantly.
Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful.
Because paper has more patience than people.
Because philosophy arises from awe, a philosopher is bound in his way to be a lover of myths and poetic fables. Poets and philosophers are alike in being big with wonder.
Because,' she said, 'when you're scared but you still do it anyway,
Because sometimes there are problems bigger than this week's end of the world and sometimes you just have to find the extraordinary in your ordinary life.
Because there are three classes of intellects: one which comprehends by itself; another which appreciates what others comprehend; and a third which neither comprehends by itself nor by the showing of others; the first is the most excellent, the second is good, the third is useless.
Because this is another thing your average American man in crisis does: he tries to go home, forgetting, momentarily, that he is the reason he left home in the first place, that the home is not his anymore, and that the crisis is him.
Because we have for millenia made moral, aesthetic, religious demands on the world, looked upon it with blind desire, passion or fear, and abandoned ourselves to the bad habits of illogical thinking, this world has gradually become so marvelously variegated, frightful, meaningful, soulful, it has acquired color - but we have been the colorists: it is the human intellect that has made appearances appear and transported its erroneous basic conceptions into things.
Be compassionate ... and take responsibility for each other. If we only learned those lessons, this world would be a better place.
Be confident to be competent.
Be courageous enough to be kind.
Be creative, be useful, be practical, be generous and finish big
Be empty of worrying.
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
Be fearless and write the fairytale of your life.
Be first and be lonely.
Before a dream is realized, the Soul of the World tests everything that was learned along the way. It does this not because it is evil, but so that we can, in addition to realizing our dreams, master the lessons we've learned as we've moved toward that dream. That's the point at which most people give up. It's the point at which, as we say in the language of the desert, one 'dies of thirst just when the palm trees have appeared on the horizon.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
Before enlightenment, chop wood and carry water. After enlightenment, chop wood and carry water.
Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.
Before I can live with other folks I've got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.
Before I go," he said, and paused -- "I may kiss her?"
Before, I wanted to say: "I found love!" But now, I want to say: "I found a person. And he belongs to me and I belong to him.
Before man ventures into daydreams about his futuristic society, he should
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable.
Before someone's tomorrow has been taken away, cherish those you love, appreciate them today.
Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do.
Before this moment, I have never whished to be something other than what I am.
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.
Before you can become a millionaire, you must learn to think like one. You must learn how to motivate yourself to counter fear with courage. Making critical decisions about your career, business, investments and other resources conjures up fear, fear that is part of the process of becoming a financial success.
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away, and you have their shoes
Before you hate something you should try to understand it.
be formless, shapeless - like water.
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand--and melting like a snowflake...
Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand-and melting like a snowflake.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
Beginning to think is beginning to be undermined. Society has but little connection with such beginnings. The worm is in man's heart. That is where it must be sought. One must follow and understand this fatal game that leads from lucidity in the face of existence to flight from light.
Begin somewhere; you cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do.
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals.
Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.
Behind every trial and sorrow that He makes us shoulder, God has a reason.
Behold the turtle. He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out.
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Being able to touch so many people through my businesses, and make money while doing it, is a huge blessing.
Being Adam Parrish was a complicated thing, a wonder of muscles and organs, synapses and nerves. He was a miracle of moving parts, a study in survival. The most important thing to Adam Parrish, though, had always been free will, the ability to be his own master.
being afraid to take chances is scarier than actually doing things that challenge you.
Being an optimist after you've got the very thing you want doesn't count.
Being brave is when you have to do something because you know it is right, but at the same time, you are afraid to do it, because it might hurt or whatever. But you do it anyway.
Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.
Being established in my life, buttressed by my thinking nature, fastened down in this transcendental field which was opened for me by my first perception, and in which all absence is merely the obverse of a presence, all silence a modality of the being of sound, I enjoy a sort of ubiquity and theoretical eternity, I feel destined to move in a flow of endless life, neither the beginning nor the end of which I can experience in thought, since it is my living self who think of them, and since thus my life always precedes and survives itself.
Being grateful does not mean that everything is necessarily good. It just means that you can accept it as a gift.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Being happy is of the utmost importance. Success in anything is through happiness.
Being kind is the most important thing I've ever been taught. That's what my parents always told me - more important than ambition or success is being kind to people. The cornerstone of my life. What I aspire to is to be kind.
Being rich of heart makes you wealthy beyond compare.
Being right is highly overrated. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Be in limits, life will never limit you.
be it peace or happiness
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Be kind. It will reveal your true inner beauty.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Belief creates the actual fact.
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.
belief is the death of intelligence.
Belief, like fear or love, is a force to be understood as we understand the theory of relativity and principals of uncertainty. Phenomena that determine the course of our lives. Yesterday, my life was headed in one direction. Today, it is headed in another. Yesterday, I believe I would never have done what I did today. These forces that often remake time and space, that can shape and alter who we
Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.
Believe in human beings - not all are good, but deep down all can be. But that doesn't mean you need to hang around crappy people and try to turn them around.
Believe in the wonderment of life, the magic of love, and the reality of death.
Believe in your dreams and dream big. And then after you've done that, dream bigger.
Believe in your dreams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
Believe in Your Heart
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
Believe it is possible to solve your problem. Tremendous things happen to the believer. So believe the answer will come. It will.
Believe me if you consult philosophy she will persuade you not to lit so long at your counting desk
Believe me, It would be better if we didn't meet again. Go back to school. Go back to your life. And next time they ask you, say no. Killing is for grown-ups and you're still a child.
Believe me there is no such thing as great suffering, great regret, great memory....everything is forgotten, even a great love. That's what's sad about life, and also what's wonderful about it. There is only a way of looking at things, a way that comes to you every once in a while. That's why it's good to have had love in your life after all, to have had an unhappy passion- it gives you an alibi for the vague despairs we all suffer from.
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
Believe that you can do it cause you can do it.
Believe there is a great power silently working all things for good, behave yourself and never mind the rest.
Believe those who seek the truth; doubt those that find it.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to it until you get there.
Be like the flower that gives its fragrance to even the hand that crushes it.
Be like the sun for grace and mercy. Be like the night to cover others' faults. Be like running water for generosity. Be like death for rage and anger. Be like the Earth for modesty. Appear as you are. Be as you appear.
Be like water making its way through cracks. Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it. If nothing within you stays rigid, outward things will disclose themselves.
Beloved, let us love one another, because love is from God; everyone one who loves is born of God and knows God. Whoever does not love does not know God, for God is love.
Be melting snow.
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
Benazir Bhutto was an inspirational leader and an inspirational woman.
Be nice to other people; they outnumber you 5.5 billion to one.
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
Ben, if you get pee in my brand-new car, I am going to cut your balls off."
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Be not be vulnerable, be unstoppable.
Be not entangled in this world of days and nights; Thou hast another time and space as well.
Be passionate and bold. Always keep learning. You stop doing useful things if you don't learn. So the last part to me is the key, especially if you have had some initial success. It becomes even more critical that you have the learning 'bit' always switched on.
Be patient and open-minded in your interactions with others; find the positive attributes that they possess.
Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.
Berhenti bercita-cita adalah tragedi terbesar dalam hidup manusia
Beri aku sesuatu yang paling sulit, aku akan belajar!
Bermimpilah, karena Tuhan akan memeluk mimpi-mimpi itu.
Berputar menjadi sesuatu yang bukan kita, demi bisa menjadi diri kita lagi.
Be ruthless about protecting writing days, i.e., do not cave in to endless requests to have "essential" and "long overdue" meetings on those days. The funny thing is that, although writing has been my actual job for several years now, I still seem to have to fight for time in which to do it. Some people do not seem to grasp that I still have to sit down in peace and write the books, apparently believing that they pop up like mushrooms without my connivance. I must therefore guard the time allotted to writing as a Hungarian Horntail guards its firstborn egg.
Beside every great success are the seeds of enormous failure. In every failure, there's the opportunity seeds of great success. They're not miles apart. So if they're that close together, and if you're really working, you're always gonna have that likelihood that something's not going to work.
Besides our eyes, skin and the other senses through which we receive the shadows of the exterior reality, we have a 'mental eye' (intelligence) with which we can perceive reality as it is.
Besides, the world isn't split into good people and Death Eaters. We've all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are.
Be silent and safe -- silence never betrays you;
Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard. Do not let the pain make you hate. Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness. Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place
Be soft, sweet, kind, and wild to be wonderful.
Be so good they can't ignore you.
Be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. Talk health, happiness, and prosperity to every person you meet. Make all your friends feel there is something special in them. Look at the sunny side of everything. Think only the best, be as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own.
Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work.
Be stubborn about your goals, and flexible about your methods.
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it's all an experience.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
Be the kind of person that you want people to think you are.
Be the kind of person who catches the shit before it hits the fan, not the one who scrapes it off afterwards.
Be the kind of person who dares to face life's challenges and overcome them rather than dodging them.
Be the light. Let others see their beauty of being in your light.
Be the positive impact on the lives of others.
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.
Be the reason someone smiles today.
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.
Better keep yourself clean and bright. You are the window through which you must see the world.
Better not to give in to it. It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart.
Better to be called something positive and inspirational than something negative.
Better to be strong than pretty and useless.
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly.
Better to illuminate than merely to shine to deliver to others contemplated truths than merely to contemplate.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.
Between living and dreaming there is a third thing. Guess it.
Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.
Be unusual, be strange, and be phenomenal.
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
Beware of speaking too much, for it increases mistakes and engenders boredom.
Be wary of strong drink, it can make you shoot at the tax collector...and miss.
Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.
Be who you are, and do what you think is right.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Be willing to have it so. Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
Be wiser than other people if you can; but do not tell them so.
Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.
Beyond all sciences, philosophies, theologies, and histories, a child's relentless inquiry is truly all it takes to remind us that we don't know as much as we think we know.
Beyond the fiction of reality, there is the reality of the fiction.
Beyond work and love, I would add two other ingredients that give meaning to life. First, to fulfill whatever talents we are born with. However blessed we are by fate with different abilities and strengths, we should try to develop them to the fullest, rather than allow them to atrophy and decay. We all know individuals who did not fulfill the promise they showed in childhood. Many of them became haunted by the image of what they might have become. Instead of blaming fate, I think we should accept ourselves as we are and try to fulfill whatever dreams are within our capability.
Be your own master and control yourself. You will find that everything is under control.
Be yourself. Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you.
Be yourself. Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you, because they're probably feeling the same kind of scared, horrible feelings that everyone does.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Be yourself. Follow your instincts. Success depends, at least in part, on the ability to 'carry it off.'
Be yourself; no base imitator of another, but your best self. There is something which you can do better than another. Listen to the inward voice and bravely obey that. Do the things at which you are great, not what you were never made for.
Be yourself. There is something that you can do better than any other. Listen to the inward voice and bravely obey that.
Biarkan orang lain menjalani kehidupan yang kecil, tetapi kamu jangan!
Big Brother is watching you.
Big journeys begin with a single step.
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
Bitch (noun): A woman who won't bang her head against the wall obsessing over someone else's opinion - be it a man or anyone else in her life. She understands that if someone does not approve of her, it's just one person's opinion; therefore, it's of no real importance. She doesn't try to live up to anyone else's standards - only her own. Because of this, she relates to a man very differently.
Bitcoin has a tremendous 'network effect', in my opinion, which may give it an insurmountable early-mover advantage. In technology it is often not the best technology that "wins", but the one that achieves broad enough adoption and recognition early enough. Good enough beats best if deployed broadly.
Bitcoin is at the same stage as the Internet in 1992-1993. At that time, it took UNIX command-line skills to send email. No way near ready for mainstream adoption.
Bitcoin is created electronically and exchanged between users without passing by a financial intermediary.
Bitcoin seems to be a very promising idea. I like the idea of basing security on the assumption that the CPU power of honest participants outweighs that of the attacker. It is a very modern notion that exploits the power of the long tail.
BLACK AND WHITE
Blessed are the weird people:
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love.
Blockchain is the tech. Bitcoin is merely the first mainstream manifestation of its potential.
Blood, Sweat and Respect. First Two You Give, Last One You Earn.
Bloom as if you want to make the whole world beautiful.
Bloom where you are planted.
Bodies are real entities. Surfaces and lines are but fictitious entities. A surface without depth, a line without thickness, was never seen by any man; no; nor can any conception be seriously formed of its existence.
Bodybuilding is an art, your body is the canvas, weights are your brush and nutrition is your paint. We all have the ability to turn a self-portrait into a masterpiece.
Body is a home, a prison and a grave.
Bond. James Bond.
Books are challenging and inspirational to me.
Books can be immensely powerful. The ideas in them can change the way people think. Yet it was the Nazis and Stalin's officers who committed terrible crimes, and not Mein Kampf or the Communist Manifesto - and of course, the Manifesto contained many key ideas that are still relevant and important today, long after Stalin has gone. There is a crucial distinction between the book and its effect - it's crucial because if you talk about a book being harmful rather than its effect you begin to legitimise censorship. Abhorrent ideas need to be challenged by better ones, not banned.
Books didn't make me wallow in darkness, darkness made me wallow in books.
Books have a way of finding their way into our lives, usually, right when we need them the most.
Books. They are lined up on shelves or stacked on a table. There they are wrapped up in their jackets, lines of neat print on nicely bound pages. They look like such orderly, static things. Then you, the reader come along. You open the book jacket, and it can be like opening the gates to an unknown city, or opening the lid of a treasure chest. You read the first word and you're off on a journey of exploration and discovery.
Boomerangs are coming back, Ski slopes are going downhill, but Exit signs are on the way out.
Boredom can be a lethal thing on a small island.
Both Bratva and thieves in law would like to call themselves nihilists and anarchists because they don't support the established government, but they govern nonetheless, and you can't be an anarchist unless you follow its rule. Crime and anarchy are no more synonymous than nihilism and existentialism, or fatalism and determinism; so many isms there was bound to be a schism.
Both my mother and I were determined that we weren't going to stay on welfare. We always worked toward doing better, toward having a better life. We never had any doubts that we would.
Both [Quine and Feyerabend] want to revise a version of positivism. Quine started with the Vienna Circle, and Feyerabend with the Copenhagen school of quantum mechanics. Both the Circle and the school have been called children of Ernst Mach; if so, the philosophies of Feyerabend and Quine must be his grandchildren.
Bottom line is, even if you see 'em coming, you're not ready for the big moments. No one asks for their life to change, not really. But it does. So what are we, helpless? Puppets? No. The big moments are gonna come. You can't help that. It's what you do afterwards that counts. That's when you find out who you are.
Boundary, n. In political geography, an imaginary line between two nations, separating the imaginary rights of one from the imaginary rights of another.
Brahman is the ultimate reality; it is simultaneously Saguna and Nirguna; divisions are due to ignorance. Mind and intellect can never catch hold of it; they have only one option and that is to merge with it.
Brand is not a product, that's for sure; it's not one item. It's an idea, it's a theory, it's a meaning, it's how you carry yourself. It's aspirational, it's inspirational.
Braving obstacles and hardships is nobler than retreat to tranquility.
Breakdowns can create breakthroughs. Things fall apart so things can fall together.
Breaking the law of gravity isn't painful it's getting caught that hurts.
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure.
Brimstone once told me that to stay true in the face of evil is a feat of strength.
Bring something incomprehensible into the world!
Bring the mind into sharp focus and make it alert so that it can immediately intuit truth, which is everywhere. The mind must be emancipated from old habits, prejudices, restrictive thought processes and even ordinary thought itself.
Buddha can show you the light, but it is up to you to turn it on.
Buffett does enjoy being a billionaire, but in offbeat ways. As he put it, though money cannot change your health or how many people love you, it lets you be in 'more interesting environments.
Build a cottage by the roadside, and you will not get it finished in three years.
Build something 100 people love, not something 1 million people kind of like.
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Bukan mudah untuk berubah... dari tanpa arah ke sejadah, dari tepi jalanan ke sujud menghadap Tuhan.
Bunkum and tummyrot! You'll never get anywhere if you go about what-iffing like that. Would Columbus have discovered America if he'd said 'What if I sink on the way over? What if I meet pirates? What if I never come back?' He wouldn't even have started.
[BURR]
Business gives you a massive high. Doing a great deal, coming up with an inspirational solution... It's very addictive. But it doesn't last long. In isolation, it's a bit sterile. It doesn't reward the soul.
Business people - Your business - is your greatest prejudice: it ties you to your locality, to the company you keep, to the inclinations you feel. Diligent in business - but indolent in spirit, content with your inadequacy, and with the cloak of duty hung over this contentment: that is how you live, that is how you want your children to live!
But as I have noticed on more than one occaision, life itself is unfair, and there is no complaint department, so we might as well accept things the way they happen, clean up the mess, and move on.
But as the years went on, I realised that what I really want to be, all told, is a human. Just a productive, honest, courteously treated human.
But beauty is about finding the right fit, the most natural fit, To be perfect, you have to feel perfect about yourself --- avoid trying to be something you're not. For a goddess, that's especially hard. We can change so easily.
But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but i laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.
But groundless hope, like unconditional love, is the only kind worth having.
But here steps in Satan, the eternal rebel, the first freethinker and the emancipator of worlds. He makes man ashamed of his bestial ignorance and obedience; he emancipates him, stamps upon his brow the seal of liberty and humanity, in urging him to disobey and eat of the fruit of knowledge.
But I being fond of true philosophy,
...but if a thing is humanly possible, consider it to be within your reach.
But if I'm it, the last of my kind, the last page of human history, like hell I'm going to let the story end this way. I may be the last one, but I am the one still standing. I am the one turning to face the faceless hunter in the woods on an abandoned highway. I am the one not running but facing. Because if I am the last one, then I am humanity. And if this is humanity's last war, then I am the battlefield.
But I like not these great success of yours; for I know how jealous are the gods.
But in the end it's only a passing thing, this shadow; even darkness must pass.
But I realized something. About art. And psychiatry. They're both self-perpetuating systems. Like religion. All
But is all this true?" said Brutha.
But it so happens that everything on this planet is, ultimately, irrational; there is not, and cannot be, any reason for the causal connexion of things, if only because our use of the word "reason" already implies the idea of causal connexion. But, even if we avoid this fundamental difficulty, Hume said that causal connexion was not merely unprovable, but unthinkable; and, in shallower waters still, one cannot assign a true reason why water should flow down hill, or sugar taste sweet in the mouth. Attempts to explain these simple matters always progress into a learned lucidity, and on further analysis retire to a remote stronghold where every thing is irrational and unthinkable.
But life is a battle: may we all be enabled to fight it well!
But love, like the sun that it is, sets afire and melts everything. what greed and privilege to build up over whole centuries the indignation of a pious spirit, with its natural following of oppressed souls, will cast down with a single shove.
But no: he was empty, he was confronted by a vast anger, a desperate anger, he saw it and could almost have touched it. But it was inert - if it were to live and find expression and suffer, he must lend it his own body. It was other people's anger. "Swine!" He clenched his fists, he strode along, but nothing came, the anger remained external to himself.
But only he who, himself enlightened, is not afraid of shadows.
But remember, boy, that a kind act can sometimes be as powerful as a sword.
But she loves me. Me. Just the way I am.
But some of the greatest achievements in philosophy could only be compared with taking up some books which seemed to belong together, and putting them on different shelves; nothing more being final about their positions than that they no longer lie side by side. The onlooker who doesn't know the difficulty of the task might well think in such a case that nothing at all had been achieved.
But spontaneity is not by any means a blind, disorderly urge, a mere power of caprice. A philosophy restricted to the alternatives of conventional language has no way of conceiving an intelligence which does not work according to plan, according to a one-at-a-time order of thought. Yet the concrete evidence of such an intelligence is right to hand in our own thoughtlessly ordered bodies. For the Tao does not 'know' how it produces the universe just as we do not 'know' how we construct our brains.
But still, I find the need to remind myself of the temporariness of a day, to reassure myself that I got through yesterday, I'll get through today.
Butterflies don't know their wings' Colors, but others see their Splendor.
But the best teams I've encountered have one important thing in common: their team structure and processes cover a full range of distinct competencies necessary for success.
But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.
But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
But the goal of the arts, culinary or otherwise, is not to increase our comfort. That is the goal of an easy chair.
But there's always a first time for everything
But there were some things I believed in. Some things I had faith in. And faith isn't about perfect attendance to services, or how much money you put on the little plate. It isn't about going skyclad to the Holy Rites, or meditating each day upon the divine.
But this wealth of information produced little or no insight.
But time given to wishing for what can't be is not only spent, but wasted, and for all that we waste we shall be accountable.
But understanding will always require some effort. You probably wouldn't admire a friend who was good at everything if it cost her no effort.
But we never get back our youth... The pulse of joy that beats in us at twenty becomes sluggish. Our limbs fail, our senses rot. We degenerate into hideous puppets, haunted by the memory of the passions of which we were too much afraid, and the exquisite temptations that we had not the courage to yield to.
But what is it good for?
But what is life if you don't live it?
But what was there to say?
But where was God now, with heaven full of astronauts, and the Lord overthrown? I miss God. I miss the company of someone utterly loyal. I still don't think of God as my betrayer. The servants of God, yes, but servants by their very nature betray. I miss God who was my friend. I don't even know if God exists, but I do know that if God is your emotional role model, very few human relationships will match up to it. I have an idea that one day it might be possible, I thought once it had become possible, and that glimpse has set me wandering, trying to find the balance between earth and sky. If the servants hadn't rushed in and parted us, I might have been disappointed, might have snatched off the white samite to find a bowl of soup.
But why think about that when all the golden lands ahead of you and all kinds of unforseen events wait lurking to surprise you and make you glad you're alive to see?
Buy a pup and your money will buy
Buy or borrow self-improvement books, but don't read them. Stack them around your bedroom and use them as places to rest bowls of cookies.
By declaring that man is responsible and must actualize the potential meaning of his life, I wish to stress that the true meaning of life is to be discovered in the world rather than within man or his own psyche, as though it were a closed system. I have termed this constitutive characteristic "the self-transcendence of human existence." It denotes the fact that being human always points, and is directed, to something or someone, other than oneself--be it a meaning to fulfill or another human being to encounter. The more one forgets himself--by giving himself to a cause to serve or another person to love--the more human he is and the more he actualizes himself. What is called self-actualization is not an attainable aim at all, for the simple reason that the more one would strive for it, the more he would miss it. In other words, self-actualization is possible only as a side-effect of self-transcendence.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
By heavens! there is something after all in the world allowing one man to steal a horse while another must not look at a halter. Steal a horse straight out. Very well. He has done it. Perhaps he can ride. But there is a way of looking at a halter that would provoke the most charitable of saints into a kick.
By hook or by crook, I hope that you will possess yourselves of money enough to travel and to idle, to contemplate the future or the past of the world, to dream over books and loiter at street corners and let the line of thought dip deep into the stream
By means of music the very passions enjoy themselves.
By now you must have guessed: I come from another planet. But I will never say to you, Take me to your leaders. Even I - unused to your ways though I am - would never make that mistake. We ourselves have such beings among us, made of cogs, pieces of paper, small disks of shiny metal, scraps of coloured cloth. I do not need to encounter more of them.
By now, you've probably caught on to something: my mother is always standing by with just the right Scripture or inspirational saying to get me through any tough situation.
By providing clear objectives for your team, and setting guardrails for how they get there, you will set them on the path to success.
By reading the scriptures I am so renewed that all nature seems renewed around me and with me. The sky seems to be a pure, a cooler blue, the trees a deeper green. The whole world is charged with the glory of God and I feel fire and music under my feet.
By searching out origins, one becomes a crab. The historian looks backward; eventually he also believes backward.
By that which you kill are you bound.
By the time we began to understand enough about what the world to ask the right questions, our visit is over, and someone else is visiting, asking the same questions.
By the way, if you get mad at your Mac laptop and wonder who designed this demonic device, notice the manufacturer's icon on top: an apple with a bite out of it.
By what men think, we create the world around us, daily new.
Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy!
Call him Voldemort, Harry. Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
Calling sex by its name thereafter [the 17th c.] became more difficult and more costly. As if in order to gain mastery of it in reality, it had first been necessary to subjugate it at the level of language, control its free circulation in speech, expunge it from the things that were said, and extinguish the words that rendered it too visibly present.
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family. Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.
Call it "a wonder" or "a mystery" and you have an excuse to never try understanding it - an excuse to not take responsibility for it. People knew about love no more than they knew about Science, but at least most did not jump into Science headstrong, with the hope that they would figure it out as they went, or that some "mysterious" inborn trait would take care of it.
Call no man happy until he is dead.
Calvin:"It says here that 'religion is the opiate of the masses.'...what do you suppose that means?"
Caminante, no hay puentes, se hace puentes al andar.
Can a dream be wrong? Aren't dreams God's way of telling you things?
Can all this just be an accident? Or could there be some alien intelligence behind it?
Can an ass be tragic? To perish under a burden one can neither bear nor throw off? The case of the philosopher.
Can a woman not walk with her possessions down the street of a city?
C and Lisp stand at opposite ends of the spectrum; they're each great at what the other one sucks at.
Cannibals? Who is not a cannibal? I tell you it will be more tolerable for the Fejee that salted down a lean missionary in his cellar against a coming famine; it will be more tolerable for that provident Fejee, I say, in the day of judgement, than for thee, civilized and enlightened gourmand, who nailest geese to the ground and feastest on their bloated livers in thy pate de fois gras.
Can't stand all these poisonous creatures, all these snakes and insects and fish and things. Wretched things, biting everybody. And then people expect me to tell them what to do about it. I'll tell them what to do. Don't get bitten in the first place. (quoting Dr. Struan Sutherland)
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Can you remember who you were, before the world told you who you should be?
Can you say why America is the greatest country in the world?
Care and diligence bring luck.
Caring can be learned by all human beings, can be worked into the design of every life, meeting an individual need as well as a pervasive need in society.
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys.
Carry not the Olympic torch, but carry the torch of love instead.
Carry on any enterprise as if all future success depended on it.
Cats don't need to be possessed; they're evil on their own.
Caution: do not look into laser with remaining eye.
Cautious, careful people, always casting about to preserve their reputation and social standing, never can bring about a reform. Those who are really in earnest must be willing to be anything or nothing in the world's estimation, and publicly and privately, in season and out, avow their sympathy with despised and persecuted ideas and their advocates, and bear the consequences...
Cautious, careful people, always casting about to preserve their reputations can never effect a reform.
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart.
Certain things in life are more important than the usual crap that everyone strives for.
Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees.
Certainty a strange Ferris wheel of a statement!
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.
Challenge is the pathway to engagement and progress in our lives. But not all challenges are created equal. Some challenges make us feel alive, engaged, connected, and fulfilled. Others simply overwhelm us. Knowing the difference as you set bigger and bolder challenges for yourself is critical to your sanity, success, and satisfaction.
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don't fight them. Just find a new way to stand.
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Champions are made from something they have deep inside of them-a desire, a dream, a vison.
Champions extend their limits and make things happen.
Champions have the courage to keep turning the pages because they know a better chapter lies ahead.
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
Chance favors the prepared mind.
Change can either challenge or threaten us. Your beliefs pave your way to success or block you.
Change course, but don't give up.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Change is not always growth, but growth is often rooted in change.
Change is not a threat. Change opens the door of opportunity and makes our lives better.
Change isn't easy. Changing the way you live means changing the way you think, means changing what you believe about life. That's hard.
Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.
Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.
Chaos is more freedom; in fact, total freedom. But no meaning. I want to be free to act, and I also want my actions to mean something.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Character is much easier kept than recovered.
Character is the total of thousands of small daily strivings to live up to the best that is in us.
Character is your beauty; style is your strength.
Charity activities are the force which gives our life meaning.
Charity is no substitute for justice withheld.
Chase a dog down a passage, and he will turn again and bite you.
Cheapen words and they'll cheapen you
Check your ego at the door. The ego can be the great success inhibitor. It can kill opportunities, and it can kill success.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Chewie, we're home.
Children are apt to live up to what you believe of them.
Children are like sponges; they start to smell after a little while.
Children betrayed their parents by becoming their own people.
Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.
Child, you have to learn to see things in the right proportions. Learn to see great things great and small things small.
Chiron had said once that nations were the most foolish of mortal inventions. "No man is worth more than another, wherever he is from."
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Choose not to be harmed, and you won't feel harmed. Don't feel harmed, and you haven't been.
Choose something you like to do. I know it's a cliche, and you've heard it over and over. But the reason is, you're going to have to work long and hard to achieve any success. You better like it or life is going to be terrible.
Choose to be happy. It is what we have all done.
Christianity gave Eros poison to drink; he did not die of it, certainly, but degenerated to Vice.
Christianity, like genius, is one of the hardest concepts to forgive. We hear what we want to hear and accept what we want to accept, for the most part, simply because there is nothing more offensive than feeling like you have to re-evaluate your own train of thought and purpose in life. You have to die to an extent in your hunger for faith, for wisdom, and quite frankly, most people aren't ready to die.
Christ is not valued at all, unless he is valued above all.
Christmas is a season of outdoor lights, but it is also the season of enlightening the heart and mind.
Christmas may be just one day of the year, but love is for 365 days of the year.
Christmas means the birth of a new beginning, a new mind, and a new life.
Cinema is the ultimate pervert art. It doesn't give you what you desire - it tells you how to desire.
Cinta hanyalah segumpal perasaan dalam hati. Sama halnya dengan gumpal perasaan senang, gembira, sedih, sama dengan kau suka makan gilau kepala ikan, suka mesin. Bedanya, kita selama ini terbiasa mengistimewakan gumpal perasaan yang disebut cinta. Kita beri dia porsi lebih penting, kita bersarkan, terus menggumpal membesar. Coba saja kau cuekin, kau lupakan, maka gumpal cinta itu juga dengan cepat layu seperti kau bosan makan gulai kepala ikan.
Cinta memperindah hidup kita sebab pengalaman cinta pada dasarnya indah dan memperindah seluruh semesta. Mencintai seseorang atau sesuatu berarti mengabdikan yang tidak abadi, memuliakan yang tidak bermoral, meninggikan yang rendah, dan memperindah yang buruk rupa. Apapun yang terlihat oleh mata yang menatap penuh cinta selalu kelihatan cantik, selalu indah di mata - Pitirim Sorokin
C++ is history repeated as tragedy. Java is history repeated as farce.
C++ is like teenage sex: Everybody is talking about it all the time, only few are really doing it.
cities; but to know someone who thinks
Civil government, so far as it is instituted for the security of property, is in reality instituted for the defense of the rich against the poor, or of those who have some property against those who have none at all.
Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them.
Civilization is only possible for deeply unpleasant animals. It is only an ape that can be truly civilized.
Clever isn't the same as sensible," said Susan, "and they do say that if you wish to walk the path to wisdom then for your first step you must become as a small child."
Clever men are sometimes the dupes of their own cleverness.
Cleverness is serviceable for everything, sufficient for nothing.
Close your eyes to see the light of your love. It is what is enlightening the whole world. You don't see things with your eyes. You see them through your perceptions, emotions, and imaginations.
Closing The Cycle
Clouds are just wisps of nature.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Code is poetry.
Collective madness is called sanity ..
Color comes to life when you add a little love.
Come back later, I am sleeping.
Comedy aims at representing men as worse, Tragedy as better than in actual life.
Come friends, it's not too late to seek a newer world.
Come let's defy.
Comfort is the enemy of achievement.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
Coming to Nashville has been so motivating and inspirational. Just watching people live and breathe their music and create something that they can feel from start to finish.
Commerce and justice are not divorceable notions.
Commercialization comes at a price.
Commercial success still hasn't come to an artist that isn't signed to a record label. There are very few artists that can succeed without the help of a record label. The role of the record label is still required, it's still necessary.
Commitment, belief and positive attitude are all important if you're going to be a success, whether you're in sports, in business or, as in my case, anthropology.
Commitment in the face of conflict produces character.
Common-Law judges sometimes talk about the law, and schoolmasters talk about the latin tongue, in a way to make their hearers think they mean entities pre-existent to the decisions or the words and syntax, determining them unequivocally and requiring them to obey. But the slightest exercise of reflection makes us see that, instead of being principles of this kind, both law and latin are results. Truth grafts itself on previous truth, modifying it in the process, just as idiom grafts itself on previous idiom, and law on previous law.
Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success.
Communism is the final logic of the dehumanization of man.
Comparing man and woman generally, one may say that woman would not have the genius for adornment, if she had not the instinct for the SECONDARY role.
Compassion is the basis of all morality
Compassion is the desire that moves the individual self to widen the scope of its self-concern to embrace the whole of the universal self.
Compassion will cure more sins than condemnation.
Complain and remain. Praise and be raised.
Complexity kills. It sucks the life out of developers, it makes products difficult to plan, build and test, it introduces security challenges, and it causes end-user and administrator frustration.
Composing music is hard work.
Comprehending and knowing better and deeper are the best guarantees we can have to attain ideas and criteria of our own; i.e. to stop depending on what other people say. In summary, to be freer to choose our own path in life.
Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.
Compromise in a dispute between friends is rarely regretted.
Compromise is the art of dividing a cake so everyone believes he got the biggest piece.
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
Computers are useless. They can only give answers.
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter.
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.
Computers in the future may weigh no more than 1.5 tons.
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Concentration attracts luck factor.
Concerning Concealment as a symptom of love for Krsna:
Conditions are never perfect. 'Someday' is a disease that will take your dreams to the grave with you.... If it's important to you and you want to do it 'eventually,' just do it and correct course along the way.
Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back.
Confidence is preparation. Everything else is beyond your control.
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions.
Confidence...thrives on honesty, on honor, on the sacredness of obligations, on faithful protection and on unselfish performance. Without them it cannot live.
Conformity to the present is invisibility to the future.
Congratulations!
Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of production and trade...
Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth.
Consciousness: that annoying time between naps.
Conservatism is the antidote to tyranny. It's the only one. It's based on thousands of years of human experience. There is nothing narrow about the conservative philosophy. It's a liberating philosophy. It is a magnificent philosophy. It is a philosophy for the ages, for all times.
Consider a fruitful career as a witch.
Considering he was neither priest nor scholar, the young man gave sensible, thoughtful replies -- the more so, perhaps, for being untrained, for he had not learned what he should believe or should not believe. Present a statement to him in flagrant contradiction to all Christian doctrine and he could be persuaded to agree on its good sense, unless he remembered it was the sort of thing of which pyres are made for the incautious.
Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, software development is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called an engineering discipline.
Consider it: every person you have ever met, every person will suffer the loss of his friends and family. All are going to lose everything they love in this world. Why would one want to be anything but kind to them in the meantime?
Consider non your superior, whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your belief and others will listen." he continued at a slower pace, " of the affairs of love ... my only advice is to be honest. thats your most powerfull too to unlock a heart or gain forgiveness. that is all i have to say"Garrow to Roran p 64
Consider purchasing a kazoo.
Consider the cattle, grazing as they pass you by. They do not know what is meant by yesterday or today, they leap about, eat, rest, digest, leap about again, and so from morn till night and from day to day, fettered to the moment and its pleasure or displeasure, and thus neither melancholy nor bored. A human being may well ask an animal: 'Why do you not speak to me of your happiness but only stand and gaze at me?' The animal would like to answer, and say, 'The reason is I always forget what I was going to say' - but then he forgot this answer too, and stayed silent.
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
Consider the whole world reconnoitre individuals j who is there whose life is not taken up with providing for to morrow Do you ask what harm there is in this An infinite deal for such men do not live but are about to live they defer every thing from day to day however circumspect we are life will still outrun us.
Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.
Constant dripping hollows out a stone.
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
Contentment is natural wealth, luxury is artificial poverty.
Contentment protects even against colds. Has a woman who knew herself to be well dressed ever caught cold? I am assuming that she was barely dressed.
Contrary to the ecologists, nature does not stand still and does not maintain the kind of equilibrium that guarantees the survival of any particular species - least of all the survival of her greatest and most fragile product: man.
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming.
Convictions are prisons.
...convinced that in trying to please all, he had pleased none, and had lost his ass into the bargain.
Cooperation is the thorough conviction that nobody can get there unless everybody gets there.
Could two live that way? Could two live under the wild rose, and explore by the pond, so that the smooth mind of each is as everywhere present to the other, and as received and as unchallenged, as falling snow?
Countless as the sands of the sea are human passions.
Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
Count your blessings. Once you realize how valuable you are and how much you have going for you, the smiles will return, the sun will break out, the music will play, and you will finally be able to move forward the life that God intended for you with grace, strength, courage, and confidence.
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.
Courage comes from a heart that is CONVINCED it is loved.
Courage does not always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.
Courage is about doing what you're afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared.
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms: it means a strong desire to live taking the form of readiness to die.
Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are stiffened.
Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.
Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength.
Courage is only the accumulation of small steps.
Courage is resistance to fear, master of fear, not absence of fear.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absense of fear.
Courage is the art of being the only one that knows you're scared to death.
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace. The soul that knows it not, knows no release from little things; knows not the livid loneliness of fear.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Courage, my friends; 'tis not too late to build a better world.
Courtesy costs nothing, but buys everything.
Cram them full of non-combustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they'll feel they're thinking, they'll get a sense of motion without moving. And they'll be happy, because facts of that sort don't change. Don't give them any slippery stuff like philosophy or sociology to tie things up with. That way lies melancholy.
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.
Crazy Horse dreamed and went into the world where there is nothing but the spirits of all things. That is the real world that is behind this one, and everything we see here is something like a shadow from that one.
Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.
Create each day anew.
Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.
Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.
Creation and destruction are the two ends of the same moment. And everything between the creation and the next destruction is the journey of life.
Creative risk taking is essential to success in any goal where the stakes are high. Thoughtless risks are destructive, of course, but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity.
Creativity doesn't wait for that perfect moment. It fashions its own perfect moments out of ordinary ones.
Creativity is a natural extension of our enthusiasm.
Creativity Is Intelligence Having Fun.
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
Creativity is the key to success in the future, and primary education is where teachers can bring creativity in children at that level.
Creativity sparks originality which then manifests itself into what we call evolution. To depreciate imagination is to depreciate life.
Creativity takes courage.
Criticism - however valid or intellectually engaging - tends to get in the way of a writer who has anything personal to say. A tightrope walker may require practice, but if he starts a theory of equilibrium he will lose grace (and probably fall off).
Criticism of others is thus an oblique form of self-commendation. We think we make the picture hang straight on our wall by telling our neighbors that all his pictures are crooked.
Crowded classrooms and half-day sessions are a tragic waste of our greatest national resource - the minds of our children.
C's great for what it's great for.
Cultivation of mind should be the ultimate aim of human existence.
Culture had worked in her own case, but during the last few weeks she had doubted whether it humanized the majority, so wide and so widening is the gulf that stretches between the natural and the philosophic man, so many the good chaps who are wrecked in trying to cross it.
Currently, only 70 percent of our high school students earn diplomas with their peers, and less than one-third of our high school students graduate prepared for success in a four-year college.
Curse of God, Guru can remove.
Cynicism is what passes for insight when courage is lacking.
Dad was a philosopher and had what he called his Theory of Purpose, which held that everything in life had a purpose, and unless it achieved that purpose, it was just taking up space on the planet and wasting everybody's time.
Daily dance uplift the soul to spiritual realms.
Dance like it hurts. Love like you need money. Work when people are watching. -- Dogbert's Motto
Dance like you're stamping on a human face forever, love like you've been in a serious car crash that minced the front of your brain, stab like no one can arrest you, and live like there's no such thing as God.
Dance on a white page to reveal your passionate perception of inner madness.
Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free.
Dancing in all its forms cannot be excluded from the curriculum of all noble education; dancing with the feet, with ideas, with words, and, need I add that one must also be able to dance with the pen?
Dare to Be
Dare to be true: nothing can need a lie: A fault, which needs it most, grows two thereby.
Dare to dream big. Dream while you are awake, and let those dreams take your sleep away.
Dare to love yourself
Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
Darling, when things go wrong in life, you lift your chin, put on a ravishing smile, mix yourself a little cocktail...
Day after day, day after day,
Deacon Jones has been the most inspirational person in my football career.
Dead men walk where the flames are hottest.
Dead, we are revealed in our true dimensions, and they are surprisingly modest.
Dead yesterdays and unborn tomorrows, why fret about it, if today be sweet.
Dealing with failure is easy: Work hard to improve. Success is also easy to handle: You've solved the wrong problem. Work hard to improve.
Dear God," she prayed, "let me be something every minute of every hour of my life. Let me be gay; let me be sad. Let me be cold; let me be warm. Let me be hungry...have too much to eat. Let me be ragged or well dressed. Let me be sincere - be deceitful. Let me be truthful; let me be a liar. Let me be honorable and let me sin. Only let me be something every blessed minute. And when I sleep, let me dream all the time so that not one little piece of living is ever lost.
Dear Human:
Death comes to us all; we can only choose how to face it when it comes.
Death is coming.
Death is never an excuse to stop living.
Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.
Death is nothing at all. It does not count. I have only slipped away into the next room. Nothing has happened. Everything remains exactly as it was. I am I, and you are you, and the old life that we lived so fondly together is untouched, unchanged. Whatever we were to each other, that we are still. Call me by the old familiar name. Speak of me in the easy way which you always used. Put no difference into your tone. Wear no forced air of solemnity or sorrow. Laugh as we always laughed at the little jokes that we enjoyed together. Play, smile, think of me, pray for me. Let my name be ever the household word that it always was. Let it be spoken without an effort, without the ghost of a shadow upon it. Life means all that it ever meant. It is the same as it ever was. There is absolute and unbroken continuity. What is this death but a negligible accident? Why should I be out of mind because I am out of sight? I am but waiting for you, for an interval, somewhere very near, just round the corner. All is well. Nothing is hurt; nothing is lost. One brief moment and all will be as it was before. How we shall laugh at the trouble of parting when we meet again!
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside while still alive. Never surrender.
Death isn't the end, it's the beginning.
Death is something inevitable. When a man has done what he considers to be his duty to his people and his country, he can rest in peace. I believe I have made that effort and that is, therefore, why I will sleep for the eternity.
Death is the easy part, the hard part is living and knowing you could be so much more then you're willing to be.
Death is very likely the single best invention of life. It's life's change agent; it clears out the old to make way for the new. Right now, the new is you. But someday, not too long from now, you will gradually become the old and be cleared away. Sorry to be so dramatic, but it's quite true. Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Death offers us the chance of a new beginning and a chance to help others instead of helping ourselves.
Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not.
Death twitches my ear;
Decide in your heart of hearts what really excites and challenges you, and start moving your life in that direction. Every decision you make, from what you eat to what you do with your time tonight, turns you into who you are tomorrow, and the day after that. Look at who you want to be, and start sculpting yourself into that person. You may not get exactly where you thought you'd be, but you will be doing things that suit you in a profession you believe in. Don't let life randomly kick you into the adult you don't want to become.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
Deciding whether or not to trust a person is like deciding whether or not to climb a tree because you might get a wonderful view from the highest branch or you might simply get covered in sap and for this reason many people choose to spend their time alone and indoors where it is harder to get a splinter.
Dedicate some of your life to others. Your dedication will not be a sacrifice. It will be an exhilarating experience because it is an intense effort applied toward a meaningful end.
Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.
Deep connection is the antidote to madness.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.
Definitions are the guardians of rationality, the first line of defense against the chaos of mental disintegration.
De jure objections are arguments of claims to the effect that Christian belief, whether or not true, is at any rate unjustifiable, or rationally unjustified, or irrational, or not intellectually respectable, or contrary to sound morality, or without sufficient evidence, or in some other way rationally unacceptable, not up to snuff from an intellectual point of view.
Delisa cinta ummi karena Allah.
Deliverance is not for me in renunciation. I feel the embrace of freedom in a thousand bonds of delight.
Democracy is four wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.
Democracy is the worst possible form of government, except for all the others.
Democracy should always be viewed with a philosophical perspective rather than a political one, because after all democracy was born to a philosopher and murdered by a politician.
Depart not from the path which fate has you assigned.
Deserve your dream.
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's the determination and commitment to unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
Desire is the most important factor in the success of any athlete.
Despair and disappointment are the parent of countless inspired, inspiring, triumphant creations.
Despair is the clothing of the hopeless don't wear them
Despair is the price one pays for setting oneself an impossible aim. It is, one is told, the unforgivable sin, but it is a sin the corrupt or evil man never practices. He always has hope. He never reaches the freezing-point of knowing absolute failure. Only the man of goodwill carries always in his heart this capacity for damnation.
Despair is typical of those who do not understand the causes of evil, see no way out, and are incapable of struggle.
Despair shows us the limit of our imagination. Imaginations shared create collaboration, and collaboration creates community, and community inspires social change.
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape.
Despite its successes, in the end, philosophical thinking always falls short of its real goal. It involves both the wonder of aspiring toward the Truth and the distress of falling short of that Truth. In this way, philosophy can be characterized as wondrous distress.
Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.
Despite the heart numbing frost, my soul is blooming like spring.
...Despite the mayhem that followed, Bruno found that he was still holding Shmuel's hand in his own and nothing in the world would have persuaded him to let go.
Despite the success cult, men are most deeply moved not by the reaching of the goal but by the grandness of the effort involved in getting there - or failing to get there.
Dessert can make you happy.
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice.
Destiny is real. And she's not mild-mannered. She will come around and hit you in the face and knock you over and before you know what hit you, you're naked- stripped of everything you thought you knew and everything you thought you didn't know- and there you are! A bloody nose, bruises all over you, and naked. And it's the most beautiful thing.
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Devotion to the truth is the hallmark of morality; there is no greater, nobler, more heroic form of devotion than the act of a man who assumes the responsibility of thinking.
Did you have a rough month? I did :( but, you know what? There's no time to dwell on a missed opportunity or worry about what I should've done or said, beating myself up
Did you know that a community of holes is called a pit?
Did you know the word gullible is not in the dictionary?
Differences are not intended to separate, to alienate. We are different precisely in order to realize our need of one another.
Different languages, the same thoughts; servant to thoughts and their masters.
Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
Digression is the soul of wit. Take the philosophic asides away from Dante, Milton or Hamlet's father's ghost and what stays is dry bones.
Dig within. Within is the wellspring of Good; and it is always ready to bubble up, if you just dig.
Di jalan cinta para pejuang, biarkan cinta berhenti di titik ketaatan.. Meloncati rasa suka dan tidak suka.. Melampaui batas cinta dan benci.. Karena hikmah sejati tak selalu terungkap di awal pagi.. Karena seringkali kebodohan merabunkan kesan sesaat.. Maka taat adalah prioritas yang kadang membuat perasaan-perasaan terkibas.. Tapi yakinlah, di jalan cinta para pejuang, Alloh lebih tahu tentang kita..
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Diligence is the mother of good luck.
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'good doggie' while looking for a bigger stick.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all.
Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.
Discourse on virtue and they pass by in droves. Whistle and dance and shimmy, and you've got an audience!
Discovering reciprocal love should really disenchant the lover with regard to the beloved. "What! She is modest enough to love even you? Or stupid enough? Or--or---"
Dislike in yourself what you dislike in others.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty.
Distance can ruin even the best of intentions.
Distraction serves evil more than any other mental state.
Dive deep. Drown willingly
Diversity is the one true thing we all have in common. Celebrate it every day.
Division isn't just a math's problem.
Divorce is never a pleasant experience. You look upon it as a failure. But I learned to be a different person once we broke up. Sometimes you learn more from failure than you do from success.
Do all the good you can,
Does it just look nice or is it correct?
Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.
Dogs and philosophers do the greatest good and get the fewest rewards.
Doing nothing for others is the undoing of ourselves.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the mext moment
Doing your best means never stop trying.
Do it now.Sometimes 'later' becomes 'never'.
Do it or don't do it -- you will regret both.
Do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you.
Do more of what makes you happy.
Do more than belong: participate. Do more than care: help. Do more than believe: practice. Do more than be fair: be kind. Do more than forgive: forget. Do more than dream: work.
Done is better than perfect.
Do no harm and leave the world a better place than you found it.
Do not accept anything because it comes from the mouth of a respected person.
Do not act as if you had ten thousand years to throw away. Death stands at your elbow. Be good for something while you live and it is in your power.
Do not become someone else just because you are hurt. Be who you are
Do not bring people in your life who weigh you down. And trust your instincts ... good relationships feel good. They feel right. They don't hurt. They're not painful. That's not just with somebody you want to marry, but it's with the friends that you choose. It's with the people you surround yourselves with.
Do not count the days; make the days count.
Do not dare not to dare.
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
Do not fear mistakes - there are none.
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
Do not fear the thorns in your path, for they draw only corrupt blood.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Do not give way to useless alarm; though it is right to be prepared for the worst, there is no occasion to look on it as certain.
Do not go gentle into that good night,
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Do nothing, and nothing happens. Life is about decisions. You either make them or they're made for you, but you can't avoid them.
Do not indulge in dreams of having what you have not, but reckon up the chief of the blessings you do possess, and then thankfully remember how you would crave for them if they were not yours.
Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions!
Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.
Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.
Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget who you are.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Do not let your ethics suffer from your extraordinary success.
Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, the not-yet, and the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach. The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours.
Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.
Do Not Lie to Yourself
do not look for healing
Do not neglect to show hospitality to strangers, for by doing that some have entertained angels without knowing it.
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.
Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.
Do not ruin today with mourning tomorrow.
Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.
Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you now have was once among the things only hoped for.
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.
Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.
Do not train a child to learn by force or harshness; but direct them to it by what amuses their minds, so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each.
Do not trouble about those who practice philosophy, whether they are good or bad; but examine the thing itself well and carefully. And if philosophy appears a bad thing to you, turn every man from it, not only your sons; but if it appears to you such as I think it to be, take courage, pursue it, and practice it, as the saying is, 'both you and your house.
Do not try to explain feelings. Live everything intensely and treasure what you feel as a gift from God.
Do not wait: the time will never be 'just right'. Start where you stand, and work whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along.
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right'. Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
Do not wait; the time will never be just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
Do not waste the precious moments of this, your present reality, seeking to unveil all of life's secrets. Those secrets are a secret for a reason. Grant your God the benefit of the doubt. Use your NOW moment for the Highest Purpose- the creation and the expression of WHO YOU REALLY ARE. Decide who you are- who you want to be-and then do everything in your power to be that.
Do not waste time bothering whether you 'love' your neighbor; act as if you did. As soon as we do this we find one of the great secrets. When you are behaving as if you loved someone, you will presently come to love him.
Do not watch the clock. Do what it does. Keep going.
Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
Do not yearn to be popular; be exquisite. Do not desire to be famous; be loved. Do not take pride in being expected; be palpable, unmistakable.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
Don't allow yourself to become disheartened when the thread doesn't suit or seems unsightly to you. Wait and watch. Be patient and devoted. As the threads twist and turn, you will begin to understand, and you will see the pattern finally materialize in all its splendor.
Don't allow your wounds to turn you into a person you are not.
Don't appreciate me, I'm not up to it. Don't criticize me, I don't deserve it. Just be my friend and forgive me, because I am craving for it.
Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Don't ask yourself what the world needs. Ask yourself what makes you come alive and then go do that. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Don't be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you.
Don't be afraid of failure; be afraid of petty success.
Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.
Don't be afraid. There are exquisite things in store for you. This is merely the beginning.
Don't be afraid to be amazing.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
Don't be afraid your life will end; be afraid that it will never begin.
Don't be a passenger in life. Learn to drive!
Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember--the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Don't be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
Don't blame me for the fact that competent programming, as I view it as an intellectual possibility, will be too difficult for "the average programmer"  you must not fall into the trap of rejecting a surgical technique because it is beyond the capabilities of the barber in his shop around the corner.
Don't blame the boss. He has enough problems.
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who really belong in your life - will come to your. And stay.
Don't compete with me: firstly, I have more experience, and secondly, I have chosen the weapons.
Don't complain about what you don't have. Use what you've got. To be less than your best is a sin.
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.
Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It's ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!
Don't count your owls before they are delivered.
Don't ever give up.
Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.
Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it.
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
Don't fear the gods,
Don't fight the problem, decide it.
Don't find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain
Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated.
Don't forget your history nor your destiny
Don't get set into one form, adapt it and build your own, and let it grow, be like water.
Don't give in to fear. Be strong, like i know you are. An never give up, d'you unnerstand, never. No matter what happens.
Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out.
Don't give up just because things get hard. Give up if you feel in your gut that moving on is the right choice for you.
Don't give up the fight,
Don't give up, Today is hard. Tomorrow will be worse. Day after tomorrow will be sunshine.
Don't give up your greatness because of someone's cynicism or narrowness of mind.
Dont give users the opportunity to lock themselves.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing; it was here first.
Don't go on discussing what a good person should be. Just be one.
Don't hate the media; become the media.
Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Don't Just
Don't just say you have read books. Show that through them you have learned to think better, to be a more discriminating and reflective person. Books are the training weights of the mind. They are very helpful, but it would be a bad mistake to suppose that one has made progress simply by having internalized their contents." Translation by Sharon Lebell
Don't let anyone take care of you. Can you maybe leave that for me to do? I mean, take care of you? Feel free to take care of me in return... because I think I'll need you to do that.
Don't let nobody tell you that you can't do it. Love what you do until you don't love it anymore. Nothing's impossible.
Don't let others tell you what you can't do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.
Dont let someone else's opinion of you become your reality.
Don't let the bastards grind you down.
Don't let the expectations and opinions of other people affect your decisions. It's your life, not theirs. Do what matters most to you; do what makes you feel alive and happy. Don't let the expectations and ideas of others limit who you are. If you let others tell you who you are, you are living their reality -- not yours. There is more to life than pleasing people. There is much more to life than following others' prescribed path. There is so much more to life than what you experience right now. You need to decide who you are for yourself. Become a whole being. Adventure.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it.
Don't let the tall weeds cast a shadow on the beautiful flowers in your garden.
Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Don't let winning make you soft. Don't let losing make you quiet. Don't let your teammates down in any situation.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
Don't let your failures define you--let them teach you.
Don't let your problems create a roadblock on the way to your success.
Don't let your sorrow come higher than your knees.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for she was born in another time.
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.
Don't live the same year 75 times and call it a life.
Don't look for a way out, look for a challenge to engage in.
Don't look to the approval of others for your mental stability
Don't lose a woman that has seen your flaws and still loves you.
Don't lose heart if it's very difficult at times, everything will come out all right and nobody can in the beginning do as he wishes.
Don't marry a rich man. Marry a good man. He will spend his life trying to keep you happy. No rich man can buy that!
Don't measure your life or your regret. Just live your life with love at its best.
Don't only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.
Don't personify computers - we don't like it.
Don't play the game in a half-baked way. Either get all the way in or all the way out.
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.
Don't reject something just because it seems strange. It's comfort that will kill you in the end.
Don't satisfy your thirst by drinking stories from others. Write your own story to feel more thirst.
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.
Don't settle. Don't finish crappy books. If you don't like the menu, leave the restaurant. If you're not on the right path, get off it.
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
Don't talk about yourself so much... we'll do that when you leave.
Don't tell people how to do things; tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
Don't think about making art, just get it done.  Let everyone else decide if it's good or bad, whether they love it or hate it.  While they are deciding, make even more art.
Don't think about making life better for other people who don't even deserve you, rather, focus on making your life the best, for yourself and those who love you.
Don't think, but look! (PI 66)
Don't think, just do.
Don't think of introversion as something that needs to be cured...Spend your free the way you like, not the way you think you're supposed to.
Don't think. Thinking is the enemy of creativity. It's self-conscious and anything self-conscious is lousy. You can't "try" to do things. You simply "must" do things.
Don't think you're on the right road just because it's a well-beaten path.
Don't try to fix me, I'm not broken...
Don't turn over the rocks if you don't want to see the pale creatures who live under them.
Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.
Don't use a lot where a little will do.
Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. Weak men wait for opportunities; strong men make them.
Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how.
Don't wait for the bus when you should be the bus driver.
Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.
Don't wait for things to happen. Make them happen.
Don't wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.
Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
Don't waste your energy trying to change opinions ... Do your thing, and don't care if they like it.
Don't waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Don't worry.
Don't worry about avoiding temptation - as you grow older, it starts avoiding you.
Don't worry about failure; you only have to be right once.
Don't worry about temptation--as you grow older, it starts avoiding you.
Don't worry about the world ending today, it's already tomorrow in Australia
Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do. The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Don't worry if people don't like you. Most people are struggling to like themselves.
Don't worry so much about your self- esteem. Worry more about your character. Integrity is its own reward.
Don't write to sell, write to tell.
Don't you just long to be someone else?
Don't you think most of those kids think too much about who got an A or a B when they were in law school and what that means to an inflated G.P.A. and not enough about the world?" asked Connor irrelevantly.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Do only what only you can do.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Do something you really like, and hopefully it pays the rent. As far as I'm concerned, that's success.
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
Do the kind of things that come from the heart, When you do, you won't be dissatisfied, you won't be envious, you won't be longing for somebody else's things. On the contrary, you'll be overhelmed with what comes back
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Do the scary thing first, and get scared later.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Do whatever you do intensely.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Do what you can, where you are, with what you have.
Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right -- for you'll be criticized anyway.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you'll be criticized anyway.
'Do What You Gotta Do' is a positive, inspirational song that says no matter what it is; whether you're up against challenges or trying to get your dreams and aspirations met, you should do what whatever you have to do shy of killing yourself or someone else.
Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.
Do what you love, think what you feel and live the way you want.
Down on the lake rosy reflections of celestial vapor appeared, and I said, "God, I love you" and looked to the sky and really meant it. "I have fallen in love with you, God. Take care of us all, one way or the other." To the children and the innocent it's all the same.
down with hell and heaven and all the religious fuss
Do you believe in God, doctor?"
Do you have to make me feel like there's nothing left of me? You can take everything I have, you can break everything I am, like I am made of glass, like I am made of paper.Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a Skyscraper...
Do you know the hallmark of a second rater? It's resentment of another man's achievement. Those touchy mediocrities who sit trembling lest someone's work prove greater than their own - they have no inkling of the loneliness that comes when you reach the top. The loneliness for an equal - for a mind to respect and an achievement to admire. They bare their teeth at you from out of their rat holes,thinking that you take pleasure in letting your brilliance dim them - while you'd give a year of my life to see a flicker of talent anywhere among them. They envy achievement, and their dream of greatness is a world where all men have become their acknowledged inferiors. They don't know that that dream is the infallible proof of mediocrity, because that sort of world is what the man of achievement would not be able to bear. They have no way of knowing what he feels when surrounded by inferiors - hatred? no, not hatred, but boredom - the terrible, hopeless, draining, paralyzing boredom. Of what account are praise and adulation from men whom you don't respect? Have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? For something, not to look down at, but up to?"
Do you know the only value life has is what life puts upon itself? And it is of course overestimated, for it is of necessity prejudiced in its own favour. Take that man I had aloft. He held on as if he were a precious thing, a treasure beyond diamonds of rubies. To you? No. To me? Not at all. To himself? Yes. But I do not accept his estimate. He sadly overrates himself. There is plenty more life demanding to be born. Had he fallen and dripped his brains upon the deck like honey from the comb, there would have been no loss to the world. The supply is too large.
Do you know what I think about crying? I think some people have to learn to do it. But once you learn, once you know how to really cry, there's nothing quite like it. I feel sorry for those who don't know the trick. It's like whistling or singing.
Do you know what punishments I've endured for my crimes, my sins? None. I am proof of the absurdity of men's most treasured abstractions. A just universe wouldn't tolerate my existence.
Do you know what you are?
Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?" said the March Hare.
Do you not then hear this horrible scream all around you that people usually call silence.
Do you not think that God will protect us?"
Do your best and let God do the rest.
Do your best for your parents. If you don't, one day you will regret it.
Do you really want to be happy? You can begin by being appreciative of who you are and what you've got.
Do you remember any instance where tyranny was destroyed and freedom established on its ruins, among a people possessing so small a share of virtue and public spirit? I recollect none, and this more than the British arms makes me fearful of final success, without a reform.
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for.
Do your work, then step back. The only path to serenity.
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition.
Do you see the slightest evidence anywhere in the universe that creation came to an end with the birth of man? Do you see the slightest evidence anywhere out there that man was the climax toward which creation had been straining from the beginning? ...Very far from it. The universe went on as before, the planet went on as before. Man's appearance caused no more stir than the appearance of jellyfish.
Do you shovel to survive, or survive to shovel?
Do you think you wear a mask?'
Do you train for passing tests or do you train for creative inquiry?
Do you understand what I'm saying?"
Do you want to achieve something or do you just want to make money?" asked a nearby man in a white shirt to another man in a striped shirt. I waited for the answer as I slowly walked past them.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Do you want to sell sugared water all your life or do you want to change the world?
Do you want to walk along? Or walk ahead? Or walk by yourself? One must know what one wants and that one wants. Fourth question of conscience.
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Dreadful experiences raise the question whether he who experiences them is not something dreadful also.
Dream as if you will live forever; Live as if you will die today.
Dream big and dare to fail.
Dream, Dream Dream
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Dreams are shores where the ocean of spirit meets the land of matter. Dreams are beaches where the yet-to-be, the once-were, the will-never-be may walk awhile with the still are.
Dreams are the language of God.
Dreams come in a size too big so that we may grow into them.
Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.
Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.
Dream your dream. Follow your heart. Imagine. Listen to the wind. Drink sunsets. Be free. Let the wonder never cease. Believe. Wish on EVERY star. Create adventure. Be Kind.
Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.
Dress to express not to impress.
Dress yourself in such a way that it shows that you love yourself.
Dress yourself to define yourself.
Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves - slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future.
Dripping water hollows out stone, not through force but through persistence.
Dua kebaikan yang berbeda tidak mungkin berada pada satu intensitas yang sama. Sesederhana itu.
Dubium sapientiae initium. (
Duck!
Dullness in matters of government is a good sign, and not a bad one - in particular, dullness in parliamentary government is a test of its excellence, an indication of its success.
Dumbledore will only leave from Hogwarts when there are none loyal to him!
Dupa ce iti omori demonii, daca ai curajul sa o faci, e musai sa te intorci pe acelasi drum.
Duty measures the distance between animal and the divine.
Each child is an adventure into a better life - an opportunity to change the old pattern and make it new.
Each contact with a human being is so rare, so precious, one should preserve it.
Each day acquire something that will fortify you against poverty, against death, indeed against other misfortunes as well; and after you have run over many thoughts, select one to be thoroughly digested that day.
Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love--be there for others--bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.
Each day is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift to Him.
Each day offers us the gift of being a special occasion if we can simply learn that as well as giving, it is blessed to receive with grace and a grateful heart.
Each day provides its own gifts.
Each day when I awake I know I have one more day to make a difference in someone's life.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet.
Each of us has the right and the responsibility to assess the roads which lie ahead, and those over which we have traveled, and if the future road looms ominous or unpromising, and the roads back uninviting, then we need to gather our resolve and, carrying only the necessary baggage, step off that road into another direction. If the new choice is also unpalatable, without embarrassment, we must be ready to change that as well.
Each of us is an innkeeper who decides if there is room for Jesus!
Each of us is full of shit in our own special way. We are all shitty little snowflakes dancing in the universe.
Each person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for.
Each religion makes scores of purportedly factual assertions about everything from the creation of the universe to the afterlife. But on what grounds can believers presume to know that these assertions are true? The reasons they give are various, but the ultimate justification for most religious people's beliefs is a simple one: we believe what we believe because our holy scriptures say so. But how, then, do we know that our holy scriptures are factually accurate? Because the scriptures themselves say so. Theologians specialize in weaving elaborate webs of verbiage to avoid saying anything quite so bluntly, but this gem of circular reasoning really is the epistemological bottom line on which all 'faith' is grounded. In the words of Pope John Paul II: 'By the authority of his absolute transcendence, God who makes himself known is also the source of the credibility of what he reveals.' It goes without saying that this begs the question of whether the texts at issue really were authored or inspired by God, and on what grounds one knows this. 'Faith' is not in fact a rejection of reason, but simply a lazy acceptance of bad reasons. 'Faith' is the pseudo-justification that some people trot out when they want to make claims without the necessary evidence.
Each star is a mirror reflecting the truth inside you.
Each suburban wife struggles with it alone. As she made the beds, shopped for groceries, matched slipcover material, ate peanut butter sandwiches with her children, chauffeured Cub Scouts and Brownies, lay beside her husband at night- she was afraid to ask even of herself the silent question-- 'Is this all?
Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem.
Each sunrise brings a new day filled with new hopes for a new beginning.
Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
Each voice carries a portion of value, no matter how unpalatable or distasteful that voice may be: no one person, government, ideology, transnational, or religious institution can own and dominate the whole.
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
Earl Nightingale has inspired more people toward success and fortune than any other motivational speaker on the planet.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
Earn your success based on service to others, not at the expense of others.
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed.
Easter spells out beauty, the rare beauty of new life.
Eccentricity is not, as some would believe, a form of madness. It is often a kind of innocent pride, and the man of genius and the aristocrat are frequently regarded as eccentrics because genius and aristocrat are entirely unafraid of and uninfluenced by the opinions and vagaries of the crowd.
Economic power is exercised by means of a positive, by offering men a reward, an incentive, a payment, a value; political power is exercised by means of a negative, by the threat of punishment, injury, imprisonment, destruction. The businessman's tool is values; the bureaucrat's tool is fear.
Education, actual learning--it is hard work. It's very personal. Your parents don't teach you anything. Your teachers don't teach you anything. The government doesn't teach you anything. You read it. You don't understand it; you read it again. You break a pencil and read it again.
Education costs money.  But then so does ignorance.
Education is experience, and the essence of experience is self-reliance.
Education is meaningless without manners
Education is teaching our children to desire the right things.
Education is the best provision for old age.
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.
Effort is only effort when it begins to hurt.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
Either move or be moved.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Either you run the day or the day runs you..
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
E.L. Doctorow said once said that 'Writing a novel is like driving a car at night. You can see only as far as your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.' You don't have to see where you're going, you don't have to see your destination or everything you will pass along the way. You just have to see two or three feet ahead of you. This is right up there with the best advice on writing, or life, I have ever heard.
Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a factor that decides between success and failure.
Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a quality that decides between success and failure.
Elementary, my dear Watson.
Embrace what you don't know, especially in the beginning, because what you don't know can become your greatest asset. It ensures that you will absolutely be doing things different from everybody else.
Empiricism teaches that there is a real world of fixed things on the outside and that ideas of these outside things are stamped on the mind which is at the beginning of life a blank.
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for.
Empty is the argument of the philosopher which does not relieve any human suffering.
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Encouragement is the oxygen of the soul.
Encouragement of higher education for our youth is critical to the success of our collective future.
Ends are for yesterday, not tomorrows.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Energy comes not from your muscle neither from your heart. It comes from your inner source.
Enjoy every ounce of your life, get high and be sincere to anybody that comes around you.
Enjoy every step you take. If you're curious, there is always something new to be discovered in the backdrop of your daily life.
Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success.
Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.
Enjoyment appears at the boundary between boredom and anxiety, when the challenges are just balanced with the person's capacity to act.
Enjoy the limitless bliss consciousness here and now. The reality of you lies much beyond your sensory perceptions and boundaries.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.
Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn't guarantee success, but without it you don't have a chance.
Enlightenment is man's release from his self-incurred tutelage. Tutelage is man's inability to make use of his understanding without direction from another. Self-incurred is this tutelage when its cause lies not in lack of reason but in lack of resolution and courage to use it without direction from another. Sapere aude! 'Have courage to use your own reason!'- that is the motto of enlightenment.
Entertainment is just talking louder than the audience.
Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.
Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world. It beats money, power, and influence.
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.
Enthusiasm moves the world.
Entrepreneurs can't forecast accurately, because they are trying something fundamentally new. So they will often be laughably behind plan - and on the brink of success.
Entrepreneurship is like a computer game in which you have to master every level before achieving success. Startups repeatedly stumble and have to go back to the drawing board. The best way to skip some levels and to increase the odds of survival is to learn from others who have already played the game.
Entrepreneurship is neither a science nor an art. It is a practice.
Envy is ignorance,
Equality is not a concept. It's not something we should be striving for. It's a necessity. Equality is like gravity. We need it to stand on this earth as men and women, and the misogyny that is in every culture is not a true part of the human condition. It is life out of balance, and that imbalance is sucking something out of the soul of every man and woman who's confronted with it. We need equality. Kinda now.
Ethics are not always ethical just as morals are not always moral.
Ethics is a dream.
E.T. phone home.
Etre dans le vent, c'est avoir le destin des feuilles mortes.
even
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.
Even a soul submerged in sleep
...even a tiny bit of deceit is dishonorable when it's used for selfish or cowardly reasons.
Even concubinage has been corrupted--by marriage.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? The usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model cannot answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe. Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing?
Even if things don't unfold the way you expected, don't be disheartened or give up. One who continues to advance will win in the end.
Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself.
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don't respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.
Even if you don't have all the things you want, be grateful for the things you don't have that you don't want (Bob Dylan's dad)
Even if you fall on your face you're still moving forward.
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Even if you win the rat race, you're still a rat.
...even nursery tales only echo an almost pre-natal leap of interest and amazement. These tales say that apples were golden only to refresh the forgotten moment when we found that they were green. They make rivers run with wine only to make us remember, for one wild moment, that they run with water.
Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.
Even successful musicians have had periods where people say they suck and no one likes them, even after they've had periods of great success. So I think it's like you just gotta do you and try to stay motivated. Until, you know, you decide to stay home and make spaghetti all day.
Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust.
Even the most courageous among us only rarely has the courage for that which he really knows.
Even though people about us choose the path of hate and violence and warfare and greed and prejudice, we who are Christ's body must throw off these poisons and let love permeate and cleanse every tissue and cell. Nor are we to allow ourselves to become easily discouraged when love is not always obviously successful or pleasant. Love never quits, even when an enemy has hit you on the right cheek and you have turned the other, and he's also hit that.
Eventually soul mates meet, for they have the same hiding place.
Even when disco went out, I could still make hits. Once I had so much success, every idea became concentrated. I had so much confidence. I knew how the bass should sound, what rhythms would work. The tempos I knew: 110 to 120 BPM. I knew they would dance in the clubs in New York or anywhere.
Ever since happiness heard your name, it has been running through the streets trying to find you.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
Every artist was first an amateur.
Every beginning has an end and every end is a new beginning.
Every being, created by God and unspoiled by man, is perfect, strictly defined and autonomous, entirely complete and at the same time with a built-in ability to grow and develop. This is the essence of its dignity and holiness. It is not an embodiment of God's immense Personality, but only one of the realisations of His perfection.
Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.
Everybody has a great idea for a startup, and so do their relatives, and they tell me, 'You gotta build it.' I say, 'I have to believe in it.'
Everybody is special. Everybody. Everybody is a hero, a lover, a fool, a villain. Everybody. Everybody has their story to tell.
Everybody knows that Aristotelian two-value logic is fucked.
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
Everybody makes their own fun. If you don't make it yourself, it ain't fun -- it's entertainment.
Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work. I live by that. You grind hard so you can play hard. At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it'll pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off.
Every book, every volume you see here, has a soul. The soul of the person who wrote it and of those who read it and lived and dreamed with it. Every time a book changes hands, every time someone runs his eyes down its pages, its spirit grows and strengthens.
Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.
Every city across the country that has successfully renewed and revitalized itself points to a robust education system as its fundamental key to success.
Every country has the government it deserves.
Every day brings a choice: to practice stress or to practice peace.
Every day God invites us on the same kind of adventure. It's not a trip where He sends us a rigid itinerary, He simply invites us. God asks what it is He's made us to love, what it is that captures our attention, what feeds that deep indescribable need of our souls to experience the richness of the world He made. And then, leaning over us, He whispers, "Let's go do that together.
Every day I make a statement.
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.
Everyday may not be good but there is something good in everyday.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Every day of my life I walk with the idea that I am black, no matter how successful I am. And our success is tempered by that; you're successful in this way given the fact you are black, and most blacks don't get to that point.
Every day People straighten up the hair, why not the heart?
Every day, think as you wake up, today I am fortunate to be alive, I have a precious human life, I am not going to waste it. I am going to use all my energies to develop myself, to expand my heart out to others; to achieve enlightenment for the benefit of all beings. I am going to have kind thoughts towards others, I am not going to get angry or think badly about others. I am going to benefit others as much as I can.
Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words.
Every day you have the opportunity to learn and experience some-thing and some-one new. Seize the opportunity. Learn and experience everything you can, and use it to change the world.
Every excess becomes a vice.
Every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness, and dies by chance.
Every exit is an entry somewhere else.
Every form of happiness if one, every desire is driven by the same motor--by our love for a single value, for the highest potentiality of our own existence--and every achievement is an expression of it.
Every great cause begins as a movement, becomes a business, and eventually degenerates into a racket.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Every heart that has beat strong and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind.
Every heart that has beat strongly and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind.
Every individual has a place to fill in the world and is important in some respect, whether he chooses to be so or not.
Every life has a destiny... the trick is to discover it before then end of your life. Otherwise, you will have too many regrets.
Every life is different because you passed this way and touched history.
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
Every man is more than just himself; he also represents the unique, the very special and always significant and remarkable point at which the world's phenomena intersect, only once in this way, and never again. That is why every man's story is important, eternal, sacred; that is why every man, as long as he lives and fulfills the will of nature, is wondrous, and worthy of consideration. In each individual the spirit has become flesh, in each man the creation suffers, within each one a redeemer is nailed to the cross.
Every man knows that he will die: and nobody believes it. On that paradox stand not only a host of religions but the entity of a sane being.
Every man prefers belief to the exercise of judgment.
Every man should keep a fair-sized cemetery in which to bury the faults of his friends.
Every man's life is a fairy tale written by God's fingers.
Every man who expresses an honest thought is a soldier in the army of intellectual liberty.
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.
Every moment of light and dark is a miracle.
... every moment of our life has a purpose, that every action of ours, no matter how dull or routine or trivial it may seem in itself, has a dignity and a worth beyond human understanding... For it means that no moment can be wasted, no opportunity missed, since each has a purpose in man's life, each has a purpose in God's plan. Think of your day, today or yesterday. Think of the work you did, the people you met, moment by moment. What did it mean to you- and might it have meant for God? Is the question too simple to answer, or are we just afraid to ask it for fear of the answer we must give?
Every new day is an opportunity to grow your love.
Everyone enjoys being acknowledged and appreciated. Sometimes even the simplest act of gratitude can change someone's entire day. Take the time to recognize and value the people around you and appreciate those who make a difference in your lives.
Everyone has a hidden agenda. Except me!
Everyone has a photographic memory, some just don't have film.
Everyone has a plan 'til they get punched in the mouth.
Everyone has a story, make your own worth telling.
Everyone has his own reality in which, if one is not too cautious, timid or frightened, one swims. This is the only reality there is.
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!
Everyone has the fire, but the champions know when to ignite the spark.
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future.
Everyone is lonely, we have to remember that life is to be lived one day at a time. You cannot worry about the past or future. Happiness is in the now.
Everyone is someone else's weirdo.
Everyone is the other and no one is himself.
Everyones greatest fantasy is to walk away from the life (they think)you lead
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it.
Everyone who achieves success in a great venture, solves each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves. And they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They keep going regardless of the obstacles they met.
Everyone who has ever built anywhere a "new heaven" first found the power thereto in his own hell.
Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.
Every passion borders on the chaotic, but the collector's passion borders on the chaos of memories.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
Every person has a right to risk their own life for the preservation of it.
Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to cut all sources of retreat. Only by doing so can one be sure of maintaining that state of mind known as a burning desire to win - essential to success.
Every problem is a gift - without problems we would not grow.
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art; it arises in hypothesis and flows into achievement.
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art: It arises in hypothesis and flows into achievement. Philosophy is a hypothetical interpretation of the unknown (as in metaphysics), or of the inexactly known (as in ethics or political philosophy). It is the front trench in the siege of truth. Science is the captured territory, and behind it are those secure regions in which knowledge and art build our imperfect and marvelous world. Philosophy seems to stand still, perplexed, but only because she leaves the fruits of victory to her daughters the sciences, and herself passes on, divinely discontent, to the uncertain and unexplored.
Every search begins with beginner's luck. And every search ends with the victor's being severely tested.
Every sign, linguistic or nonlinguistic, spoken or written (in the usual sense of this opposition), as a small or large unity, can be cited, put between quotation marks; thereby it can break with every given context, and engender infinitely new contexts in an absolutely nonsaturable fashion. This does not suppose that the mark is valid outside its context, but on the contrary that there are only contexts without any center of absolute anchoring. This citationality, duplication, or duplicity, this iterability of the mark is not an accident or anomaly, but is that (normal/abnormal) without which a mark could no longer even have a so-called "normal" functioning. What would a mark be that one could not cite? And whose origin could not be lost on the way?
Every single desire can lead to dream and every single dream has possibility to become reality.
Every skill you acquire doubles your odds of success.
Every soldier must know, before he goes into battle, how the little battle he is to fight fits into the larger picture, and how the success of his fighting will influence the battle as a whole.
Every song you're trying to find something that going to connect in different ways but for me the songs that I'm really drawn to are inspirational, songs that lift you and that everybody can relate to no matter where you're from.
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
Every success in limiting armaments is a sign that the will to achieve mutual understanding exists, and every such success thus supports the fight for international law and order.
Every success story has a parent who says, 'over my dead body.' Every success story has an old person who walks up to you and says, when you're acting the fool, 'you know I worry about you sometimes.'
Everything about us, everything around us, everything we know and can know of is composed ultimately of patterns of nothing; that's the bottom line, the final truth. So where we find we have any control over those patterns, why not make the most elegant ones, the most enjoyable and good ones, in our own terms? Yes, we're hedonists, Mr. Bora Horza Gobuchul. We seek pleasure and have fashioned ourselves so that we can take more of it; admitted. We are what we are. But what about you? What does that make you?
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms--to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way.
Everything changed the day she figured out there was exactly enough time for the important things in her life.
Everything ends, and Everything matters.
Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity.
Everything happens for a reason and, something better will come along for me!
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see.
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Everything is a matter of perspective, it doesn't matter what my perspective is, what does matter, is the truth, and the truth is a matter of perspective...
Everything is determined, the beginning as well as the end, by forces over which we have no control. It is determined for the insect, as well as for the star. Human beings, vegetables, or cosmic dust, we all dance to a mysterious tune, intoned in the distance by an invisible piper.
Everything is good as it comes from the hands of the Maker of the world, but degenerates once it gets into the hands of man
Everything is relative in this world, where change alone endures.
Everything, no matter how beautiful, is only with us for awhile.
"Everything now turns out best for me, I now love every fate:--who would like to be my fate?"
Everything's a risk. Not doing anything is a risk. It's up to you.
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler.
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Everything smaller than Heaven bores us because only Heaven is bigger than our hearts.
Everything stinks till it's finished.
Everything takes time. Bees have to move very fast to stay still.
Everything that can be invented has been invented.
Everything that can be thought at all can be thought clearly. Everything that can be said can be said clearly.
Everything that had happened was shockingly beautiful, enough to make you crazy.
Everything that is done in this world is done by hope.
Everything we know is only some kind of approximation.
Everything we see hides another thing, we always want to see what is hidden by what we see, but it is impossible. Humans hide their secrets too well....
Everything will be alright in the end so if it is not alright it is not the end.
Everything will turn out right, the world is built on that.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Everything you do leaves behind a fingerprint of your personality.
Everything you know is past. And with that disgusting arrogance of knowing the past, one cannot know something novel.
Everything you'll ever need to know is within you; the secrets of the universe are imprinted on the cells of your body.
Everything you need for better future and success has already been written. And guess what? All you have to do is go to the library.
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Everything you want is on the other side of fear.
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it.
Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting Golden Delicious.
Every time a bell rings, an angel gets his wings.
Every time I close the door on reality it comes in through the windows.
Everytime I plant a seed,he say kill it before it grow, he say kill it before they grow.
Every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being re-directed to something better.
Every time you do a good deed you shine the light a little farther into the dark. And the thing is, when you're gone that light is going to keep shining on, pushing the shadows back.
Every truth passes through three stages before it is recognized. In the first, it is ridiculed. In the second, it is opposed. In the third, it is regarded as self-evident.
Every video I've made has an inspirational message behind it. Since day one, I thought, 'Okay, I want my audience to be, like, Disney members.' So if that's the case, I have to keep everything rated G.
Every war, when it comes, or before it comes, is represented not as a war but as an act of self-defence against a homicidal maniac.
Every window in Alcatraz has a view of San Francisco.
Evil exists in us all, Torak. Some fight it. Some feed it. That's how it's always been.
"Evil men have no songs." How is it, then, that the Russians have songs?
Evolution acts slowly. Our psychological characteristics today are those that promoted reproductive success in the ancestral environment.
Excellence can be obtained if you care more than others think is wise, risk more than others think is safe, dream more than others think is practical, expect more than others think is possible.
Excellence is never an accident. It is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, and intelligent execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives - choice, not chance, determines your destiny.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power.
Excess of strength alone is proof of strength
Existence is beyond the power of words
Expect everything, I always say, and the unexpected never happens.
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger, portion of truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant.
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.
Experience is something you get just after you need it.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want.
Expressing doubt is how we begin a journey to discover essential truths.
Exuberance is beauty.
Facing it, always facing it, that's the way to get through. Face it.
Failing sucks. But it's better than the alternative."
Failing to prepare is like preparing to fail.
Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.
Failure is a bruise, not a tattoo.
Failure is an opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Failure is a part of success.
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.
Failure is not our only punishment for laziness; there is also the success of others.
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something.
Failure is when you stop trying to do something.
Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.
Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. One fails forward toward success.
Failures to heroic minds are the stepping stones to success.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Fair means everyone gets what they need. And the only way to get what you need is to make it happen yourself.
Fairness does not mean everyone gets the same. Fairness means everyone gets what they need.
Fair speech may hide a foul heart.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Faith as an imperative is a veto against science -- in praxi, it means lies at any price.
Faith don't come in a bushel basket, Missy. It come one step at a time. Decide to trust Him for one little thing today, and before you know it, you find out He's so trustworthy you be putting your whole life in His hands.
Faith in faith' he answered himself. 'It isn't necessary to have something to believe in. It's only necessary to believe that somewhere there's something worthy of belief.
Faith in Qur'anic revelation unveils all the possibilities that lie before the human intellect.
Faith in the possibilities of continued and rigorous inquiry does not limit access to truth to any channel or scheme of things. It does not first say that truth is universal and then add there is but one road to it.
Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.
Faith is like radar that sees through the fog -- the reality of things at a distance that the human eye cannot see.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
Faith is not belief in spite of evidence but a life in scorn of the consequences.
Faith is the art of holding on to things your reason has once accepted, in spite of your changing moods.
Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark.
Faith moves mountains, but you have to keep pushing while you're praying.
Fake is the new real,You gotta keep a lot a shit to yourself.
Fake it 'till you make it.
Fall seven times and stand up eight.
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.
Fame or perceived success - it all comes from groupthink.
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking.
Family comes in many forms.
Fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory. If a soldier is imprisioned by the enemy, don't we consider it his duty to escape?. . .If we value the freedom of mind and soul, if we're partisans of liberty, then it's our plain duty to escape, and to take as many people with us as we can!
Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs - even though checkered by failure - than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.
Far from rejecting outright any hierarchy of success or failure, philosophy instead reconfigures the judging process, lending legitimacy to theidea that themainstream value system may unfairly consign some people to disgrace and others to respectability.
Fas est ab hoste doceri.
Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night.
Faster, Faster, until the thrill of speed overcomes the fear of death.
Fault always lies in the same place: with him weak enough to lay blame.
FEAR!
Fear comes in two packages fear of failure, and sometimes, fear of success.
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world.
Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up. I've seen it. It's fascinating." He releases me but doesn't pull away, his hand grazing my jaw, my neck. "Sometimes I just...want to see it again. Want to see you awake.
Fear is a natural emotion in life, but you cannot let it dictate your actions. When you act out of fear, you will only meet failure. But act out of determination to conquer that fear, and you will succeed at anything. Maybe not the first time, or the second or third, but eventually--as long as you keep trying--you can conquer your fears and succeed.
Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth.
Fear is how you lose your life...a little bit at a time...What we give to fear, we take away from...faith.
Fear is not evil. It tells you what weakness is. And once you know your weakness, you can become stronger as well as kinder.
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows.
Fear is the polio of the soul which prevents our walking by faith.
Fearlessness is like a muscle. I know from my own life that the more I exercise it, the more natural it becomes to not let my fears run me.
FEarly to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Fear makes strangers of those who would be friends.
Fear no more," said Clarissa. Fear no more the heat o' the sun; for the shock of Lady Bruton asking Richard to lunch without her made the moment in which she had stood shiver, as a plant on the river-bed feels the shock of a passing oar and shivers: so she rocked: so she shivered.
Fear not the path of Truth for the lack of People walking on it.
Fear of failure, it's the greatest motivational tool. It drives me and drives me and drives me.
Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.
Fear stops people from accomplishing their goals.
Fear tends to come from ignorance. Once I knew what the problem was, it was just a problem, nothing to fear.
Feathers filled the small room. Our laughter kept the feathers in the air. I thought about birds. Could they fly if there wasn't someone, somewhere, laughing?
Feeling anxious or depressed sometimes is part of what it means to be a person, and it might even be essential to success.
Feeling is the consciousness of the resulting conditions - of success, failure, equilibrium, compromise or balance, in this continuous rivalry of ideas.
feels with us,
Feel the fear and do it anyway!
Feel your emotions,
Feet, what do I need them for
Feminism is about women having choices and living the life they choose, not about hating men. Many feminists, like me, love and marry men because we choose to embrace being a woman completely and whole-heartedly. - STRONG: Powerful Philosophy for Timeless Thoughts by Kailin Gow.
feminism is for everybody
Festivals and fasts are unhinged, traveling backward at a rate of ten days per year, attached to no season. Even Laylat ul Qadr, the holiest night in Ramadan, drifts--its precise date is unknown. The iconclasm laid down by Muhammed was absolute: you must resist attachment not only to painted images, but to natural ones. Ramadan, Muharram, the Eids; you associate no religious event with the tang of snow in the air, or spring thaw, or the advent of summer. God permeates these things--as the saying goes, Allah is beautiful, and He loves beauty--but they are transient. Forced to concentrate on the eternal, you begin to see, or think you see, the bones and sinews of the world beneath its seasonal flesh. The sun and moon become formidable clockwork. They are transient also, but hint at the dark planes that stretch beyond the earth in every direction, full of stars and dust, toward a retreating, incomprehensible edge
Few among men are they who cross to the further shore. The others merely run up and down the bank on this side.
Few if any seemed to have grasped the Principle of Reality; new knowledge leads always to yet more awesome mysteries. Greater physiological knowledge of the brain makes the existence of the soul less possible yet more probable by the nature of the search.
Few things are more deceptive than memories.
Few things are more important to each individual's future success or to our nation's prosperity than education.
Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.
Fiction is art and art is the triumph over chaos... to celebrate a world that lies spread out around us like a bewildering and stupendous dream.
Financial opportunity lies ahead.
Find a good teacher that will keep the game fun. Work hard and don't be afraid to have success or disappointment. That is what golf is all about.
Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.
Finding good partners is the key to success in anything: in business, in marriage and, especially, in investing.
Finding one important thing in your life doesn't mean you have to
Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.
Find out who you are and do it on purpose.
Find release from your cares, have a good time.
Find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go.
Find your place and make it yours.
finish the year STRONG
[Fireheart]mewed,"It's not my place to judge you." Greystripe looked up as Fireheart went on." Greystripe, whatever you decide to do, I will always be your friend.
Fire tries gold, misfortune tries brave men.
First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end.
First impressions are rarely worth preserving. Men typically fall short of our expectations.
First learn computer science and all the theory. Next develop a programming style. Then forget all that and just hack.
First of all, Buddhism is neither pessimistic nor optimistic. If anything at all, it is realistic, for it takes a realistic view of life and the world. It looks at things objectively (
First-person narrators is the way I know how to write a book with the greatest power and chance of artistic success.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you.
First you jump off the cliff and build your wings on the way down.
First, you know, a new theory is attacked as absurd; then it is admitted to be true, but obvious and insignificant; finally it is seen to be so important that its adversaries claim that they themselves discovered it.
Flaming enthusiasm, backed by horse-sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
Flexibility makes buildings to be stronger, imagine what it can do to your soul.
Flow is the best of what happens when potential is activated by consciousness.
Focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.
Focus on being balanced - success is balance.
Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.
Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.
Focus on your goals, not your fear.
Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses.
Following is one of the most underrated aspects of leadership.... I have seen many a good [organization] underachieve, because someone...thought the commander was incompetent, and quietly worked to undermine his authority.
Follow the advice of your heart.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.
Follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first. Ask questions, then feel the answer. Learn to trust your heart.
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.
follow your heart! (sppotedleafs motto)
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.
Fools! Don't they know that tears are a woman's most effective weapon?
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it.
For, after all, every one who wishes to gain true knowledge must climb the Hill Difficulty alone, and since there is no royal road to the summit, I must zigzag it in my own way. I slip back many times, I fall, I stand still, I run against the edge of hidden obstacles, I lose my temper and find it again and keep it better, I trudge on, I gain a little, I feel encouraged, I get more eager and climb higher and begin to see the widening horizon. Every struggle is a victory. One more effort and I reach the luminous cloud, the blue depths of the sky, the uplands of my desire.
For, after all, how do we know that two and two make four? Or that the force of gravity works? Or that the past is unchangeable? If both the past and the external world exist only in the mind, and if the mind itself is controllable -- what then?
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.
For a game, you don't need a teacher.
For a good cause, wrongdoing may be virtuous.
For all those that have to fight for the respect that everyone else is given without question.
For a long time now a hint of aversion had lain on everything he did and experienced, a shadow of impotence and loneliness, an all-encompassing distaste for which he could not find the complementary inclination. He felt at times as though he had been born with a talent for which there was at present no objective.
For a long while I have believed -- this is perhaps my version of Sir Darius Xerxes Cama's belief in a fourth function of outsideness -- that in every generation there are a few souls, call them lucky or cursed, who are simply born not belonging, who come into the world semi-detached, if you like, without strong affiliation to family or location or nation or race; that there may even be millions, billions of such souls, as many non-belongers as belongers, perhaps; that, in sum, the phenomenon may be as "natural" a manifestation of human nature as its opposite, but one that has been mostly frustrated, throughout human history, by lack of opportunity.
For an actress to be a success, she must have the face of a Venus, the brains of a Minerva, the grace of Terpsichore, the memory of a MaCaulay, the figure of Juno, and the hide of a rhinoceros.
For an act to be evil, you must first perceive it, process and then conceive it as such. Then these acts are effects. They're not causes. And by this I mean that these acts are not of Stream. Now we ask the other question again. What does it take for something, here specifically Stream, to be good or evil?
For an author to write as he speaks is just as reprehensible as the opposite fault, to speak as he writes; for this gives a pedantic effect to what he says, and at the same time makes him hardly intelligible
For a number of years I have been familiar with the observation that the quality of programmers is a decreasing function of the density of go to statements in the programs they produce. More recently I discovered why the use of the go to statement has such disastrous effects, and I became convinced that the go to statement should be abolished from all "higher level" programming languages.
For any given problem, if there's a simple solution it will already have been applied. So, perhaps, the solution isn't as simple as you think.
For attractive lips, speak words of kindness.
For axioms in philosophy are not axioms until they are proved upon our pulses.
Forbearance in the face of fate, beauty constant under torture, are not merely passive. They are a positive achievement, an explicit triumph.
For beauty is nothing but the beginning of terror
For business reasons, I must maintain the outward signs of sanity.
For Christians . . . an unreflective faith is not possible if we take seriously the injunction to love God with the mind as well as the heart and soul.
For complex systems, the compiler and development environment need to be in the same language that its supporting. It's the only way to grow code.
Foreknowledge cannot be gotten from ghosts and spirits, cannot be had by analogy, cannot be found out by calculation. It must be obtained from people, people who know the conditions of the enemy.
For Equilibrium, a Blessing:
For every expert there is an equal and opposite expert.
For everyone now strives most of all to seperate his person, wishing to experience the fullness of life within himself, and yet what comes of all his efforts is not the fullness of life, but full suicide, for instead of the fullness of self-definition, they fall into complete isolation.
For every problem there is a solution which is simple, neat and wrong.
For everything in this journey of life we are on, there is a right wing and a left wing: for the wing of love there is anger; for the wing of destiny there is fear; for the wing of pain there is healing; for the wing of hurt there is forgiveness; for the wing of pride there is humility; for the wing of giving there is taking; for the wing of tears there is joy; for the wing of rejection there is acceptance; for the wing of judgment there is grace; for the wing of honor there is shame; for the wing of letting go there is the wing of keeping. We can only fly with two wings and two wings can only stay in the air if there is a balance. Two beautiful wings is perfection. There is a generation of people who idealize perfection as the existence of only one of these wings every time. But I see that a bird with one wing is imperfect. An angel with one wing is imperfect. A butterfly with one wing is dead. So this generation of people strive to always cut off the other wing in the hopes of embodying their ideal of perfection, and in doing so, have created a crippled race.
For every two minutes of glamour, there are eight hours of hard work.
Forget about self-image and self-judgment. It's about self-love, and no one teaches you that at school. No one teaches you that if you accept and love yourself, nothing and no one can touch you.
Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown.
Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.
Forgive me for being so ordinary while claiming to know so extraordinary a God.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Forgiveness is created by the restitution of the abuser; of the wrongdoer. It is not something to be squeeeeeezed out of the victim in a further act of conscience-corrupting abuse.
Forgiveness is the best strategy to find peace. Peace is the best policy to live by.
Forgive yourself before you die. Then forgive others.
For God did not give us a spirit of timidity, but of power and of love and of calm and well balanced mind and discipline and self-control.
For great men, religion is a way of making friends; small people make religion a fighting tool.
For happiness is anyone and anything at all that's loved by you.
For he that diligently seeketh shall find; and the mysteries of God shall be unfolded unto them, by the power of the Holy Ghost, as well in these times as in times of old as in times to come; wherefore, the course of the Lord is one eternal round" - 1 Nephi 10:19
For I have trained myself and am training myself always to be able to dance lightly in the service of thought
For instance, there is something new about my hands, a certain way of picking up my pipe or
For in this Case, we are not to give Credit to the Many, who say, that none ought to be educated but the Free; but rather to the Philosophers, who say, that the Well-educated alone are free.
For it can never be that war shall preserve life, and peace destroy it.
For it is good to be children sometimes, and never better than at Christmas, when its mighty Founder was a child Himself.
For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
For marriage to be a success, every woman and every man should have her and his own bathroom. The end.
Formation may be the best name for what happens in a circle of trust, because the word refers, historically, to soul work done in community. But a quick disclaimer is in order, since formation sometimes means a process quite contrary to the one described in this book----a process in which the pressure of orthodox doctrine, sacred text, and institutional authority is applied to the misshapen soul in order to conform it to the shape dictated by some theology. This approach is rooted in the idea that we are born with souls deformed by sin, and our situation is hopeless until the authorities "form" us properly. But all of that is turned upside down by the principles of a circle of trust: I applaud the theologian who said that "the idea of humans being born alienated from the Creator would seem an abominable concept." Here formation flows from the belief that we are born with souls in perfect form. As time goes on, we subject to powers of deformation, from within as well as without, that twist us into shapes alien to the shape of the soul. But the soul never loses its original form and never stops calling us back to our birhtright integrity.
For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.
For me, success is a state of mind. I feel like success isn't about conquering something; it's being happy with who you are.
For me, the first challenge for computing science is to discover how to maintain order in a finite, but very large, discrete universe that is intricately intertwined. And a second, but not less important challenge is how to mould what you have achieved in solving the first problem, into a teachable discipline: it does not suffice to hone your own intellect (that will join you in your grave), you must teach others how to hone theirs. The more you concentrate on these two challenges, the clearer you will see that they are only two sides of the same coin: teaching yourself is discovering what is teachable.
For me, the most fun is change or growth. There are definitely elements of both that I like. Launching a business is kind of like a motorboat: You can go very quickly and turn fast.
For me, writing is immortality. It is wisdom. It is never-ending.
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.
For myself I am an optimist - it does not seem to be much use to be anything else.
For others, in spite of myself, from myself.
For Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and Passion, unattended,
For small creatures such as we, the vastness is bearable only through love.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
For success of any mission, it is necessary to have creative leadership. Creative leadership is vital for government, non-governmental organisations as well as for industries.
For the former, activity, any kind of activity, was an end in itself; for the latter, activity was but a progress toward the true end, which was rest, and peace of mind. Action was to be undertaken only when equilibrium was disturbed.
For the future, the motto is, "No days unalert.
For the same reason there is nowhere to begin to trace the sheaf or the graphics of differance. For what is put into question is precisely the quest for a rightful beginning, an absolute point of departure, a principal responsibility. The problematic of writing is opened by putting into question the value of the arkhe. What I will propose here will not be elaborated simply as a philosophical discourse, operating according to principles, postulates, axioms, or definitions, and proceeding along the discursive lines of a linear order of reasons. In the delineation of differance everything is strategic and adventurous. Strategic because no transcendent truth present outside the field of writing can govern theologically the totality of the field. Adventurous because this strategy is a not simple strategy in the sense that strategy orients tactics according to a final goal, a telos or theme of domination, a mastery and ultimate reappropriation of the development of the field. Finally, a strategy without finality, what might be called blind tactics, or empirical wandering if the value of empiricism did not itself acquire its entire meaning in opposition to philosophical responsibility. If there is a certain wandering in the tracing of differance, it no more follows the lines of philosophical-logical discourse than that of its symmetrical and integral inverse, empirical-logical discourse. The concept of play keeps itself beyond this opposition, announcing, on the eve of philosophy and beyond it, the unity of chance and necessity in calculations without end.
For the survivor who chooses to testify, it is clear: his duty is to bear witness for the dead and for the living. He has no right to deprive future generations of a past that belongs to our collective memory. To forget would be not only dangerous but offensive; to forget the dead would be akin to killing them a second time.
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.
For the world is in a bad state, but everything will become still worse unless each of us does his best.
For this feeling of wonder shows that you are a philosopher, since wonder is the only beginning of philosophy.
For those who know the value of and exquisite taste of solitary freedom (for one is only free when alone), the act of leaving is the bravest and most beautiful of all.
For three days after death, hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
FORTRAN's tragic fate has been its wide acceptance, mentally chaining thousands and thousands of programmers to our past mistakes.
For true success ask yourself these four questions: Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now?
Fortune always favors the brave, and never helps a man who does not help himself.
Fortune befriends the bold.
Fortune does favor the bold and you'll never know what you're capable of if you don't try.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Forward, as occasion offers. Never look round to see whether any shall note it... Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter, and think that even such a result is no trifle.
For where is the man that has incontestable evidence of the truth of all that he holds, or of the falsehood of all he condemns; or can say that he has examined to the bottom all his own, or other men's opinions? The necessity of believing without knowledge, nay often upon very slight grounds, in this fleeting state of action and blindness we are in, should make us more busy and careful to inform ourselves than constrain others.
For wordsmiths and masters of words, without necessarily being harsh with words, the words have a tendency to shoot straight to the hearts of people, and this either deeply touches them or deeply angers them. Like the apostles in all their loving controversies are those who are masters of words while combining this gift with truth.
For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress; I judge no one whom I've met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways.
Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets.
Four legs good, two legs bad.
Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe.
Four things to learn in life: To think clearly without hurry or confusion; To love everybody sincerely; To act in everything with the highest motives; To trust God unhesitatingly.
Four Very Powerful Words to Say to Your Child: I BELIEVE IN YOU.
Four years of football are calculated to breed in the average man more of the ingredients of success in life than almost any academic course he takes.
FRANCISCUS: How sweetly she looks! Oh, but there's a wrinkle in her brow as deep as philosophy.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
Free at last, Free at last, Thank God almighty we are free at last.
Freedom has its life in the hearts, the actions, the spirit of men and so it must be daily earned and refreshed - else like a flower cut from its life-giving roots, it will wither and die.
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.
Freedom is a heavy load, a great and strange burden for the spirit to undertake. It is not easy. It is not a gift given, but a choice made, and the choice may be a hard one. The road goes upward towards the light; but the laden traveler may never reach the end of it.
Freedom is an absolute state, there is no such thing as being half-free.
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same, or one day we will spend our sunset years telling our children and our children's children what it was once like in the United States where men were free.
Freedom is not having everything we crave, it's being able to go without the things we crave and being OK with it.
Freedom is obedience to self-formulated rules.
Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control.
Freedom is...the right to write the wrong words.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
Free jazz is so called because no-one would ever buy it.
Free your mind from routine, keep your brain somewhere else
Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life. Simplify. Look within. Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.
Friends can make you feel that the world is smaller and less sneaky than it really is, because you know people who have similar experiences.
Friendship doubles our joy and divides our grief.
Friendship is the answer to happiness.
Friendship is the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person, having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy like art... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give values to survival.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.
Friendship, love, health, energy, enthusiasm, and joy are the things that make life worth living and exploring.
Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
Frisbeetarianism: The belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back.
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.
From its brilliancy everything is illuminated.
From my tribe I take nothing, I am the maker of my own fortune.
From small beginnings come great things.
From success you get a lot of things, but not that great inside thing that love brings you.
From 'the lesson of the moth':
From the philosopher Catulus, never to be dismissive of a friend's accusation, even if it seems unreasonable, but to make every effort to restore the relationship to its normal condition.
From the scientific view, the theory of karma may be a metaphysical assumption -- but it is no more so than the assumption that all of life is material and originated out of pure chance
From the senses originate all trustworthiness, all good conscience, all evidence of truth.
From this distant vantage point, the Earth might not seem of particular interest. But for us, it's different. Consider again that dot. That's here, that's home, that's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there -- on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
From whichever side I start, I think I am in an old place where others have been before me.
Front yards will always gather fallen leaves much to their owner's disgust.
Fruit does not grow on the trunk...it is found out on the limb.
Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.
Frustration and Love can't exist in the same place at the same time, so get real and start doing what you would rather be doing in life. Love your life. All of it. Even the heavy shit that happened to you when you were 8. All of it was and IS perfect.
Functional programming is like describing your problem to a mathematician. Imperative programming is like giving instructions to an idiot.
Functional programming is to algorithms as the ubiquitous little black dress is to women's fashion.
Fundamentally, therefore, any man can, even under such circumstances, decide what shall become of him-mentally and spiritually. He may retain his human dignity even in a concentration camp.
Fun opens the doors to creativity, which then leads to inspiration, which then births passion, which all together equals both happiness and success!
Further, an excess of legislation defeats its own ends. It makes the whole population criminals, and turns them all into police and police spies. The moral health of such a people is ruined for ever; only revolution can save it.
Furthermore, as the body suffers the horrors of disease and the pangs of pain, so we see the mind stabbed with anguish, grief and fear. What more natural than that it should likewise have a share in death?
Future peace, prosperity and confidence depend not just on ourselves but on the success of all nations. Hence, we are all partners, no matter what our backgrounds, cultures, faiths and histories.
Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade.
Generally speaking, the errors in religion are dangerous; those in philosophy only ridiculous.
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration.
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration. Accordingly a genius is often merely a talented person who has done all of his or her homework.
Genius is measured not by static volume but by kinetic vision.
Genius is nothing but a great capacity for patience.
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the war room!
George loves the T Rex because it's the noisiest and the scariest.
"German spirit": for the past eighteen years a contradiction in terms.
Get action. Seize the moment. Man was never intended to become an oyster.
'Get along, go along' is not an inspirational philosophy, and only God knows how much moral cowardice it has covered up over the years. Serve your time, collect your chits, and cash 'em in for your home state? No, I'd say we could ask for more than that from our senators.
Get comfortable with being uncomfortable!
Get Off The Scale!
Get over the idea that only children should spend their time in study. Be a student so long as you still have something to learn, and this will mean all your life.
Getting something and having the wits to use it...those are two different things.
Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight.
Get your stinking paws off me, you damned dirty ape!
Ghosts don't live in a shell. They live in our fears.
G: "If we do happen to step on a mine, Sir, what do we do?" EB: "Normal procedure, Lieutenant, is to jump 200 feet in the air and scatter oneself over a wide area."
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and you can sell him some tackle
Give light and people will find the way.
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Give love, take pride
Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
Give me a stock clerk with a goal, and I will give you a man who will make history. Give me a man without a goal, and I will give you a stock clerk.
Give me strength, not to be better than my enemies, but to defeat my greatest enemy, the doubts within myself. Give me strength for a straight back and clear eyes, so when life fades, as the setting sun, my spirit may come to you without shame.
Give me the Love that leads the way
Given a choice between life and death, choose life. Given a choice between right and wrong, choose what's right. And given a choice between a terrible truth and a beautiful lie, choose the truth every time.
Given who we are, we really haven't given it much thought.
Give Obama a script he has made his own, and he is the motivational speaker to end all speakers. Tony Robbins cloned with Honest Abe.
Give the pupils something to do, not something to learn; and the doing is of such a nature as to demand thinking; learning naturally results.
Give up control. You never really had it anyway.
Give up to grace. The ocean takes care of each wave 'til it gets to shore. You need more help than you know.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Give your weakness to one who helps.
Giving back, doing motivational speeches and stuff like that, that's always made me feel good. If you repeatedly go out there, and you are the change that you want to see, then that's what you are.
Giving connects two people, the giver and the receiver, and this connection gives birth to a new sense of belonging.
Giving importance to what we think because we thought it, taking our own selves not only (to quote the Greek philosopher) as the measure of all things but as their norm or standard, we create in ourselves, if not an interpretation, at least a criticism of the universe, which we don't even know and therefore cannot criticize. The giddiest, most weak-minded of us then promote that criticism to an interpretation that's superimposed, like a hallucination; induced rather than deduced. It's a hallucination in the strict sense, being an illusion based on something only dimly seen.
Giving is the only way of taking part
Giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I know because I've done it thousands of times.
Glorious indeed is the world of God around us, but more glorious the world of God within us.
Go above and beyond your duty. You will benefit from it.
Go after what you want, as there's no time like the present.
Go ahead and believe that no one shines brighter than you. Become amazing, and be happy.
Go ahead. Look out the window. Isn't it a beautiful day?
Go ahead, make my day.
Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination.
Goals give you more than a reason to get up in the morning; they are an incentive to keep you going all day. Goals tend to tap the deeper resources and draw the best out of life.
Goals. There's not telling what you can do when you get inspired by them. There's no telling what you can do when you believe in them. There's no telling what will happen when you act upon them.
Go and get your things,' he said. 'Dreams mean work.
Go and make interesting mistakes, make amazing mistakes, make glorious and fantastic mistakes. Break rules. Leave the world more interesting for your being here.
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?
Go boldly and honestly through the world. Learn to love the fact that there is nobody else quite like you.
Go confidently in the direction of our dreams! Live the life you've imagined.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.  Live the life you have imagined.
God allows us to experience the low points of life in order to teach us lessons that we could learn in no other way.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
God always strives together with those who strive.
God can't save everyone, but he can save you!
God created philosophy for all the intellects that got bored of hearing the same bible stories every Sunday.
God Damn! We just had a near-life experience, fellas. [Suggesting that most experiences are, by nature, dead.]
God doesn't mind if I share my love.
God gave us memory that we might have roses in December.
God gives us not only the truth but also the ability to believe it; not only the new thing to see but also the new eye to see it with.
God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
God had faith in us to look after everything in and on the Earth. We just didn't have faith in ourselves to do it.
God has abandoned you. Fear does not serve you. Your heart has betrayed you. Only the music can guide you.
God has already done everything He's going to do. The ball is now in your court. If you want success, if you want wisdom, if you want to be prosperous and healthy, you're going to have to do more than meditate and believe; you must boldly declare words of faith and victory over yourself and your family.
God has given us more than fourteen billion cells and connections in our brain. Why would God give us such a complex organ system unless he expects us to use it?
God helps those who strut their stuff.
God is a philosophical black hole -- the point where reason breaks down.
God is God. He knows what he is doing. When you can't trace his hand, trust his heart.
God is not a celestial prison warden jangling the keys on a bunch of lifers--he's a shepherd seeking for sheep, a woman searching for coins, a father waiting for his son.
God is subtle but he is not malicious.
God is whispering in your heart, in the whole existence, just tune your ears.
God judges men from the inside out; men judge men from the outside in. Perhaps to God, an extreme mental patient is doing quite well in going a month without murder, for he fought his chemical imbalance and succeeded; oppositely, perhaps the healthy, able and stable man who has never murdered in his life yet went a lifetime consciously, willingly never loving anyone but himself may then be subject to harsher judgment than the extreme mental patient. It might be so that God will stand for the weak and question the strong.
God lets you be successful because he trusts you that you will do the right thing with it. Now, does he get disappointed often? All the time, because people get there and they forget how they got it.
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
God made the world round so we would never be able to see too far down the road.
God must have a very good imagination because I would never have thought of a person like me.
God only allows us to see such things when he wants something to change
God save us from religion.
God, send me anywhere, only go with me. Lay any burden on me, only sustain me. And sever any tie in my heart except the tie that binds my heart to Yours.
God's extraordinary work is most often done by ordinary people in the seeming obscurity of a home and family.
Godshawk looked surprised, the way that people generally do when you ask them philosophical questions in shrubberies in the middle of the night.
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man.
God's pleasure--the beauty creation possesses in his regard--underlies the distinct being of creation, and so beauty is the first and truest word concerning all that appears within being; beauty is the showing of what is; God looked upon what he had wrought and saw that it was good.
God's promises are like the stars; the darker the night the brighter they shine.
God turns you from one feeling to another and teaches by means of opposites so that you will have two wings to fly, not one
God uses broken things. It takes broken soil to produce a crop, broken clouds to give rain, broken grain to give bread, broken bread to give strength. It is the broken alabaster box that gives forth perfume. It is Peter, weeping bitterly, who returns to greater power than ever.
God will answer you prayers better than you think. Of course, one will not always get exactly what he has asked for....We all have sorrows and disappointments, but one must never forget that, if commended to God, they will issue in good....His own solution is far better than any we could conceive.
God will not have his work made manifest by cowards
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Go for it, while you can. I know you have it in you. And I can't promise you'll get everything you want, but I can promise nothing will change if you don't try.
Go hard or go home.
Go into yourself. Find out the reason that commands you to write; see whether it has spread its roots into the very depths of your heart; confess to yourself whether you would have to die if you were forbidden to write.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Good artists copy. Great artists steal.
Good authors worry about genres great authors don't.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best.
Good coders code, great reuse.
Good god it's great to be a Bull Mongoni!
Good-humor is a philosophic state of mind; it seems to say to Nature that we take her no more seriously than she takes us. I maintain that one should always talk of philosophy with a smile.
Good ideas are like Nike sports shoes. They may facilitate success for an athlete who possesses them, but on their own they are nothing but an overpriced pair of sneakers. Sports shoes don't win races. Athletes do.
Good ideas are out there for anyone with the wit and the will to find them.
Good is the enemy of great.
Good judgement comes with experience. Unfortunately, the experience usually comes from bad judgement.
Good man and bad man with money goes a long ways." ~ Amunhotep El Bey
Good men prefer to be accountable.
Good morning, Vietnam!
Good news is on its way.
Good people always find goodness in others.
Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.
Good planning is important. I've also regarded a sense of humor as one of the most important things on a big expedition. When you're in a difficult or dangerous situation, or when you're depressed about the chances of success, someone who can make you laugh eases the tension.
Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.
Good things happen to those who hustle.
Good work is no done by humble' men.
Good works is giving to the poor and the helpless, but divine works is showing them their worth to the One who matters.
Go on, get out! Last words are for fools who haven't said enough!
Go on, prove me wrong. Destroy the fabric of the universe. See if I care.
Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.
Go out and do something. It isn't your room that's a prison, it's yourself.
Go out in the woods, go out. If you don't go out in the woods nothing will ever happen and your life will never begin.
Go placidly amid the noise and the haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence. As far as possible without surrender, be on good terms with all persons. Speak your truth quietly and clearly, and listen to others, even the dull and ignorant; they too have their story. Be yourself. Especially do not feign affection. Neither be cynical about love -- for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is perennial as the grass. Take kindly the counsel of the years, gracefully surrendering the things of youth. Nurture strength of spirit to shield you from misfortune. But do not distress yourself with imaginings. Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness. Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself. You are a child of the universe no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should. Therefore be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be, and whatever your labours and aspirations, in the noisy confusion of life keep peace with your soul. With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams, it is still a beautiful world.
Gossip is just a tool to distract people who have nothing better to do from feeling jealous of those few of us still remaining with noble hearts.
Go the extra mile -- it's never crowded.
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.
Government exists to protect us from each other. Where government has gone beyond its limits is in deciding to protect us from ourselves.
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth.
Governments, if they endure, always tend increasingly toward aristocratic forms. No government in history has been known to evade this pattern. And as the aristocracy develops, government tends more and more to act exclusively in the interests of the ruling class -- whether that class be hereditary royalty, oligarchs of financial empires, or entrenched bureaucracy.
Gracefulness has been defined to be the outward expression of the inward harmony of the soul.
Grace isn't a little prayer you chant before receiving a meal. It's a way to live.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.
Grace is the face that love wears when it meets imperfection.
Grace is what picks me up and lifts my wings high above and I fly! Grace always conquers! Be graceful in everything; in anger, in sadness, in joy, in kindness, in unkindness, retain grace with you!
Grammar and ordinary language are bad guides to metaphysics. A great book might be written showing the influence of syntax on philosophy.
"Grandma used to say'Money is not the key to happiness. If you have money you can always have a key made.'",48
Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world.
Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.
Gratitude is a sign of maturity...Where there is appreciation: there is also courtesy and concern for the rights and property of others.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Great changes may not happen right away, but with effort even the difficult may become easy.
Greater love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends.
Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.
Great heroes need great sorrows and burdens, or half their greatness goes unnoticed. It is all part of the fairy tale.
Great hopes make great men.
Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can't see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don't even know.
Great Leaders Create More Leaders
Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.
Great leaders understand that historical success tends to produce stable and inwardly focused organizations, and these outfits, in turn, reinforce a feeling of contentment with the status quo.
Great losses are great lessons.
Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Great minds have purposes, others have wishes.
Greatness is so often a courteous synonym for great success.
Great spirits have always encountered opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.
Great understanding is broad and unhurried; little understanding is cramped and busy. Great words are clear and limpid; little words are shrill and quarrelsome.
Great victory requires great risk.
greed.
Grieve not for the greedy, but pity them instead.
grounds)
Growing up in a group home, and with an undiagnosed learning disability to boot, the odds of success were not on my side. But when I joined the high school football team, I learned the value of discipline, focus, persistence, and teamwork - all skills that have proven vital to my career as a C.E.O. and social entrepreneur.
Growing up, in church we had the homily; at home it's what I call the 'momily' - the inspirational and instructive mom-isms that every family has.
Growing up means learning what life is. When you're little, you have a set of ideals, standards, criteria, plans, outlooks, and you think that you have to sit around and wait for them to happen to you and then life will work. But life isn't like that, for anybody; you can't fall in love with a standard, you have to fall in love with a person. You can't live in a criteria, you have to live your life. You can't wait for your plans to materialize, because they may never materialize the way you think they will. You can't wait to watch your ideals and standards walk up to you, because you can't know what's yours until you have it. I always say, always take the first chance in case you never get a second one, but growing up takes that even one step further, growing up means that you have to hold on to what you have, when you have it, because what you have- that's yours- and all the ideals and criteria you have set in your head, those aren't yours, because those haven't happened to you.
Grown-ups never understand anything by themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them
Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.
Guilt is a feeling that you owe a debt that you're not paying.
Guilt starts as a feeling of failure.
Guru and disciple do not meet accidentally, neither one becomes disciple by conversion only. In fact, there is always an ancient link maintained through many births nurtured and flowered with love and trust, with dedication and faithfulness, that which somehow gets revealed in this birth by meeting each other and finding that they were living in each other's soul always.
Guys, what would you wish you'd done before you died?
Had I not come out with an inspirational CD, you perhaps would have never known that I feel like I feel, that all songs, all the music I've ever done is a gift from God.
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
Half of the people in the world are below average.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
Hangover: The wrath of grapes.
Hanya orang-orang dengan hati damailah yang boleh menerima kejadian buruk dengan lega.
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
Happiness can be found in even the darkest of times, but only to those who remember to turn on the light.
Happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue.
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed.
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to others.
Happiness consists in frequent repetition of pleasure
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances.
Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Happiness has to do with your mindset, not with outside circumstance.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. If the dispositions of the parties are ever so well known to each other or ever so similar beforehand, it does not advance their felicity in the least. They always continue to grow sufficiently unlike afterwards to have their share of vexation; and it is better to know as little as possible of the defects of the person with whom you are to pass your life.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
Happiness is always there. You just have to choose to see it. There's no point dwelling in the dark and ignoring the light of the stars.
Happiness is an inside job.
Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.
Happiness is a very pretty thing to feel, but very dry to talk about.
Happiness is like a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it.
Happiness is not a goal. It's a by-product of a life well-lived.
Happiness is not having what you want, it is wanting what you have.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
Happiness is not the absence of problems; it's the ability to deal with them.
Happiness is only real when shared
Happiness is simple. Everything we do to find it is complicated.
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
Happiness is the object and design of our existence; and will be the end thereof, if we pursue the path that leads to it; and this path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiness, and keeping all the commandments of God.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.
Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.
Happy events will take place shortly in your home.
Happy people are beautiful. They become like a mirror and they reflect that happiness.
Happy people are ignoramuses and glory is nothing else but success, and to achieve it one only has to be cunning.
harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.
Hard times build determination and inner strength. Through them we can also come to appreciate the uselessness of anger. Instead of getting angry nurture a deep caring and respect for troublemakers because by creating such trying circumstances they provide us with invaluable opportunities to practice tolerance and patience.
Hard work and dedication is important to success, and I have those qualities.
Hard work beats talent when talent fails to work hard.
Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.
Harry, despite your privileged insight into Voldemort's world (which, incidentally, is a gift any Death Eater would kill to have), you have never been seduced by the Dark Arts, never, even for a second, shown the slightest desire to become one of Voldemort's followers!"
Hasta la vista, baby.
Hate looks like everybody else until it smiles
Hatred is a form of faith, distilled by passion to remove all rationality.
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. God is awake.
Have love for your inner Self and everything else is done for you.
Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
Have respect for yourself, and patience and compassion. With these, you can handle anything.
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.
Have to? Of course you have to! But only because of you, Harry, won't rest until Voldemort is finished! Think now, for once, if you have never heard of the prophecy! What would you do?
Have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? For something, not to look down at, but up to?
Have you ever noticed how 'What the hell' is always the right decision to make?
Have you ever seen the stars in the night? See them closely, they will tell you, how to be open, how to love and how to shine and twinkle without any differences and jealousy of other stars.
Have you realized that most of your unhappiness in life is due to the fact that you are listening to yourself instead of talking to yourself? Take those thoughts that come to you the moment you wake up in the morning. You have not originated them but they are talking to you, they bring back the problems of yesterday, etc. Somebody is talking. Who is talking to you? Your self is talking to you. Now this man's treatment [in Psalm 42] was this: instead of allowing this self to talk to him, he starts talking to himself. "Why art thou cast down, O my soul?" he asks. His soul had been depressing him, crushing him. So he stands up and says, "Self, listen for moment, I will speak to you.
Having a million dollars makes me rich.
Having an eye for beauty isn't the same thing as a weakness...except possibly when it comes to you.
Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage, not weakness.
Having just enough life to enjoy being dead.
Having large case statements in an object-oriented language is a sure sign your design is flawed.
Having the best service is the best business strategy.
Hawaii is not a state of mind, but a state of grace.
He alone is free who lives with free consent under the entire guidance of reason
Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.
Health is the natural condition. When sickness occurs, it is a sign that Nature has gone off course because of a physical or mental imbalance. The road to health for everyone is through moderation, harmony, and a 'sound mind in a sound body'.
Health, learning and virtue will ensure your happiness; they will give you a quiet conscience, private esteem and public honour.
Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard, are sweeter
Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.
Hearts are breakable," Isabelle said. "And I think even when you heal, you're never what you were before".
Hearts can't be broken because they're made of marzipan.
He asked, 'Croesus, who told you to attack my land and meet me as an enemy instead of a friend?'
...he asked, "Where are you today, right now?"
Heaven can be found in the most unlikely corners.
Heaven help the roses if the bombs begin to fall
Heaven is comfort, but it's still not living.
Heaven on Earth is a choice you must make, not a place we must find.
Heavier-than-air flying machines are impossible.
Heavy, melancholy men turn lighter, and come temporarily to their surface, precisely by that which makes others heavy--by hatred and love.
He causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous.
He conquers who endures.
He could very likely have appealed for leniency. At least he could have saved his life by agreeing to leave Athens. But had he done this he would not have been Socrates. He valued his conscience--and the truth-- higher than life.
He did not wish to be divine. If there had never been a God, the emperor thought, it might have been easier to work out what goodness was. This business of worship, of the abnegation of self in the face of the Almighty, was a distraction, a false trail. Wherever goodness lay, it did not lie in ritual, unthinking obeisance before a deity but rather, perhaps, in the slow, clumsy, error-strewn working out of an individual or collective path.
He died that day because his body had served its purpose. His soul had done what it came to do, learned what it came to learn, and then was free to leave.
He examined the chess problem and set out the pieces. It was a tricky ending, involving a couple of knights.
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.
He is able who thinks he is able.
He is free to evade reality, he is free to unfocus his mind and stumble blindly down any road he pleases, but not free to avoid the abyss he refuses to see.
He is rich who is content with the least; for contentment is the wealth of nature.
Helen Keller became deaf, dumb, and blind shortly after birth. Despite her greatest misfortune, she has written her name indelibly in the pages of the history of the great. Her entire life has served as evidence that no one is ever defeated until defeat has been accepted as reality.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Help" is a prayer that is always answered. It doesn't matter how you pray--with your head bowed in silence, or crying out in grief, or dancing. Churches are good for prayer, but so are garages and cars and mountains and showers and dance floors. Years ago I wrote an essay that began, "Some people think that God is in the details, but I have come to believe that God is in the bathroom.
Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.
Help yourself, then everyone will help you. Principle of neighbor-love.
He must not merely cling to life, for then he will be a coward, and will not escape. He must not merely wait for death, for then he will be a suicide, and will not escape. He must seek his life in a spirit of furious indifference to it.
Hence the great irony: Hayek, one of the greatest champions of individual liberty and economic freedom the world has ever known, believed that knowledge was communal. Dewey, the champion of socialism and collectivism, believed that knowledge was individual. Hayek's is a philosophy that treats individuals as the best judges of their own self-interests, which in turn yield staggering communal cooperation. Dewey's was the philosophy of a giant, Monty Pythonesque crowd shouting on cue: "We're All Individuals!
Hence the sterile, uninspiring futility of a great many theoretical discussions of ethics, and the resentment which many people feel towards such discussions: moral principles remain in their minds as floating abstractions, offering them a goal they cannot grasp and demanding that they reshape their souls in its image, thus leaving them with a burden of undefinable moral guilt.
He not busy being born is busy dying.
Her burdens were her own and burdens were for shoulders strong enough to bear them.
He recognized with absolute certainty the empty fragility of even the noblest theorizings as compared with the definitive plenitude of the smallest fact grasped in its total, concrete reality.
Herein lies the supreme wisdom, human and divine; and the task of philosophy consists in teaching men to submit joyously to Necessity which hears nothing and is indifferent to all.
Here is a rule to remember in future, when anything tempts you to feel bitter: not "This is misfortune," but "To bear this worthily is good fortune.
Here is my final point. About drugs, about alcohol, about pornography and smoking and everything else. What business is it of yours what I do, read, buy, see, say, think, who I fuck, what I take into my body - as long as I do not harm another human being on this planet?
Here lies one whose name was writ on water.
Here's Johnny!
Here's looking at you, kid.
Here we find further argument for Gotagga's supposition that the world is round. How else could all men stand higher than their brothers?
He's not perfect. You aren't either, and the two of you will never be perfect. But if he can make you laugh at least once, causes you to think twice, and if he admits to being human and making mistakes, hold onto him and give him the most you can. He isn't going to quote poetry, he's not thinking about you every moment, but he will give you a part of him that he knows you could break. Don't hurt him, don't change him, and don't expect for more than he can give. Don't analyze. Smile when he makes you happy, yell when he makes you mad, and miss him when he's not there. Love hard when there is love to be had. Because perfect guys don't exist, but there's always one guy that is perfect for you.
He's supposed to sound like he's in pain, he's a folk singer.
He stands erect by bending over the fallen. He rises by lifting others.
He stole glances at the heathen faces of Bodien and Gaylord, the suffering, yet oddly consoled, eyes and mouth of Basellecci, noting the brave enthusiasm of men who had never dreamed of anything very definite, and it occurred to him through the reek of his person that there was only one hope for him, and for all people who had lost, through intelligence, the hope of immortality. "We must love and delight in each other and in ourselves!" he cried.
He suddenly recalled from Plato's Symposium: People were hermaphrodites until God split then in two, and now all the halves wander the world over seeking one another. Love is the longing for the half of ourselves we have lost.
He that can have patience can have what he will.
He that has patience may compass anything.
He to whom this emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead: his eyes are closed.
He understood well enough how a man with a choice between pride and responsibility will almost always choose pride if responsibility robs him of his manhood.
He walked on in silence, the solitary sound of his footsteps echoing in his head, as in a deserted street, at dawn. His solitude was so complete, beneath a lovely sky as mellow and serene as a good conscience, amid that busy throng, that he was amazed at his own existence; he must be somebody else's nightmare, and whoever it was would certainly awaken soon.
He was a great patriot, a humanitarian, a loyal friend; provided, of course, he really is dead.
He was a philosopher, if you know what that was.'
He was free, free in every way, free to behave like a fool or a machine, free to accept, free to refuse, free to equivocate; to marry, to give up the game, to drag this death weight about with him for years to come. He could do what he liked, no one had the right to advise him, there would be for him no Good or Evil unless he thought them into being.
He was still thoughtful. 'Do you think any of us ever really knows anyone?'
He was talking about the sign that said 'THE COMPLICATED FUTILITY OF IGNORANCE.'
He whispered in her ears, "We will love each other forever."
He who attains his ideal, precisely thereby surpasses it.
He who cannot find the way to HIS ideal, lives more frivolously and shamelessly than the man without an ideal.
He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.
He who conquers others is strong, he who conquers himself is mighty.
He who defends with love will be secure; Heaven will save him, and protect him with love.
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg.
He who despises himself, nevertheless esteems himself thereby, as a despiser.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed.
He who exults at the stake, does not triumph over pain, but because of the fact that he does not feel pain where he expected it. A parable.
He who fights with monsters should be careful lest he thereby become a monster. And if thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will also gaze into thee.
He who gets the credits gets the blame.
He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.
He who is a thorough teacher takes things seriously--and even himself--only in relation to his pupils.
He who is in harmony with the Tao
He who is mindless is defenceless"
He who is more mindful of one, loses the love and the faith of both.
He who is not satisfied with a little, is satisfied with nothing .
He who jumps into the void owes no explanation to those who stand and watch.
He who laughs last didn't understand the joke
He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life.
He who says either that the time for philosophy has not yet come or that it has passed is like someone who says that the time for happiness has not yet come or that it has passed.
He who speaks without an attentive ear is mute.
He who takes offense when no offense is intended is a fool, and he who takes offense when offense is intended is a greater fool.
He who walks with the wise grows wise, but a companion of fools suffers harm.
He who wears his morality but as his best garment were better naked.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying.
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying.
He who writes well runs the civilization. Everyone else does the grunt work.
He will essentially follow the language of the spectacle, for it is the only one he is familiar with.
Hey, I am thinking of it myself, in this part of world (East), we all do endeavors in praying and are sweating (white liquid) and this is our situation, frustrated , but on the other part of world (West) ,they are enjoying in party and drinking liquor (white liquid) but their situation is that, successful, I do not know that the problem relates to the type of liquid or the way of drinking!!
Hidup hanya ada erti pada yang bahagia.
Hiduplah Untuk Memberi yang Sebanyak-banyaknya, Bukan untuk Menerima yang Sebanyak-banyaknya. (Pak Harfan)
High thoughts must have high language.
Hindi ako naniniwalang kailangan ng tao mangarap dahil gusto n'ya ng pera, o gusto n'yang sumikat, o gusto n'ya ng impluwensya. Side effects na lang ang mga 'to, sa tingin ko. Nangangarap ang tao dahil binigyan s'ya ng Diyos ng kakayanang mangarap at tumupad nito. Tungkulin n'yang pagbutihin ang pagkatao n'ya at mag-ambag ng tulong sa mundo. At wala na s'yang iba pang magagawang mas malaking kasalanan sa sarili bukod sa talikuran ang tungkuling yon...
Hip-hop is more about attaining wealth. People respect success. They respect big. They don't even have to like your music. If you're big enough, people are drawn to you.
Hire people smarter than you. Work with people smarter than you. Listen to them. Let them lead you. Take the blame for all failures, give away the credit for all successes.
His conception of the universe is, however, instinctive, not intellectual; it can't be criticized as a concept, because there's none there, and it can't be criticized as temperament, because temperament can't be criticized.
His Omnipotence means power to do all that is intrinsically possible, not to do the intrinsically impossible. You may attribute miracles to Him, but not nonsense. This is no limit to His power. If you choose to say, 'God can give a creature free will and at the same time withhold free will from it,' you have not succeeded in saying anything about God: meaningless combinations of words do not suddenly acquire meaning simply because we prefix to them the two other words, 'God can.' It remains true that all things are possible with God: the intrinsic impossibilities are not things but nonentities. It is no more possible for God than for the weakest of His creatures to carry out both of two mutually exclusive alternatives; not because His power meets an obstacle, but because nonsense remains nonsense even when we talk it about God.
His own life suddenly seemed repellently formal. Whom did he know or what did he know and whom did he love? Sitting on the stump under the burden of his father's death and even the mortality inherent in the dying, wildly colored canopy of leaves, he somehow understood that life was only what one did every day.... Nothing was like anything else, including himself, and everything was changing all of the time. He knew he couldn't perceive the change because he was changing too, along with everything else.
Historically, philosophy does not have an impressive track record of answering questions about natural world in a decisive manner.
Histories make men wise; poets, witty; the mathematics, subtle; natural philosophy, deep; moral, grave; logic and rhetoric, able to contend.
History is a hermaphrodite with many distinguished lovers. We are neither mysteries nor strangers but the living breath of revelation made flesh by the unrestrained desires of a free and universal love. Universal me. Universal you."
History is endured only by strong personalities -- the weak ones are extinguished by it.
Hitch your wagon to a star.
Hold fast to dreams. For if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
Holding a grudge
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you, never excuse yourself.
Honest towards ourselves and towards anyone else who is our friend; brave towards the enemy; magnanimous towards the defeated; polite always: this is how the four cardinal virtues want us to act.
Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life - all areas of life. The really good news is that anyone can develop both honesty and integrity.
Honesty and loyalty are key. If two people can be honest with each other about everything, that's probably the biggest key to success.
Honesty and transparency make you vulnerable. Be honest and transparent anyway.
Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist.
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Honesty is the most single most important factor having a direct bearing on the final success of an individual, corporation, or product.
Honor has not to be won; it must only not be lost.
Hope
Hope burns eternal in the human heart.
Hope, deceitful though it be, is at least of this good use to us that while we are travelling through this life, it conducts us by an easier and more pleasant way to our journey's end.
Hope does not leave without being given permission.
Hopefully I'll continue to have the success I've had.
Hopefully, when people see 'Senna', they will understand why this inspirational story needed to be told, why it had to be made as a movie for the big screen, and why it is a film for everyone.
Hope is always available to us. When we feel defeated, we need only take a deep breath and say, "Yes," and hope will reappear.
Hope is a state of mind, not of the world. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well, or willingness to invest in enterprises that are obviously heading for success, but rather an ability to work for something because it is good.
Hope is but the dream of those who wake.
Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today.
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success; for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.
Hope is the dream of a soul awake.
Hope is the star that shines brighter in darker nights.
Hope is the thing with feathers
Hope like that, as I thought before, doesn't make you a weak person. It's hopelessness that makes you weak. Hope makes you stronger, because it brings with it a sense of reason. Not a reason for how or why they were taken from you, but a reason for you to live. Because it's a maybe. A 'maybe someday things won't always be this shit.' And that 'maybe' immediately makes the shittiness better.
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.
Hope springs forever.
Hope will never be silent.
Houston, we have a problem.
HOW
How are you coming with your home library? Do you need some good ammunition on why it's so important to read? The last time I checked the statistics...I think they indicated that only four percent of the adults in this country have bought a book within the past year. That's dangerous. It's extremely important that we keep ourselves in the top five or six percent.
How aware are we of our own inner life, our spirituality-something so intangible yet so priceless? How much effort do we make to perceive that which is not obvious, which can neither be seen nor heard? I believe the exploration and enrichment of the human spirit is what determines our very humanity. Such enrichment provides an inner compass that can lead civilizations to greatness.
How beautiful it could be if we woke up every morning with a burning desire to help others.
How can a country change if the people don't want to change their thoughts or lifestyle?
How can a slim chance and a fat chance be the same?
How can a society that exists on instant mashed potatoes, packaged cake mixes, frozen dinners, and instant cameras teach patience to its young?
How can I be useful, of what service can I be? There is something inside me, what can it be?
How can I cast a vote, when I don't even cast a shadow?
How can I know for sure if it's my son speaking and not you?"
How can they say my life is not a success? Have I not for more than sixty years got enough to eat and escaped being eaten?
How can you not love this?
How charming is divine Philosophy!
How could someone possibly be that beautiful? She wondered for the hundred thousandth time. What higher power orchestrated such a perfect union of genes? Who decided that one single solitary soul deserved skin like that? It was so fundamentally unfair.(Chasing Harry Winston)
How could they see anything but the shadows if they were never allowed to move their heads?
How does one become a butterfly? They have to want to learn to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar.
How does one measure the success of a museum?
How do we account for this paradox that the absence of Law universalizes prohibition ... The psychoanalytic name for this obscene injunction for this obscene call, ENJOY, is superego. The problem today is not how to get rid of your inhibitions and to be able to spontaneously enjoy. The problem is how to get rid of this injunction to enjoy.
How do you know you're going to do something, untill you do it?
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success.
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names. It is not so bad as you are. It looks poorest when you are richest. The fault-finder will find faults even in paradise. Love your life, poor as it is. You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a poorhouse.
However things may seem, no evil thing is success and no good thing is failure.
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world.
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
How had they met? By chance, like everybody else. What were there names? What's it to you? Where were they coming from? From the nearest place. Where were they going? Does anyone really know where they're going?
How, in such an alien and inhuman world, can so powerless a creature as man preserve his aspirations untarnished? A strange mystery it is that nature, omnipotent but blind, in the revolutions of her secular hurryings through the abysses of space, has brought forth at last a child, subject still to her power, but gifted with sight, with knowledge of good and evil, with the capacity of judging all the works of his unthinking mother. In spite of death, the mark and seal of the parental control, man is yet free, during his brief years, to examine, to criticize, to know, and in imagination to create. To him alone, in the world with which he is aquainted, this freedom belongs; and in this lies his superiority to the resistless forces that control his outward life.
How keen everyone is to make this world their home forgetting its impermanence It's like trying to see and name constellations in a fireworks display.
How little is required for pleasure! The sound of a bagpipe. Without music, life would be an error. The German imagines even God singing songs.
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself.
How many of us have lately taken the time out to look at the sky; marvel at the clouds; smell the flowers; or smelt the fresh scent of rain; bought a stranger a cup of tea or coffee; given our time to help another; or just taken time out to sit and watch people rush hither and tither; said "I love you"; smiled at a complete stranger; joined in with kids from the street to play a game?
"How much conscience has had to chew on in the past! And what excellent teeth it had! And today--what is lacking?" A dentist's question.
How much evil throughout history could have been avoided had people exercised their moral acuity with convictional courage and said to the powers that be, 'No, I will not. This is wrong, and I don't care if you fire me, shoot me, pass me over for promotion, or call my mother, I will not participate in this unsavory activity.' Wouldn't world history be rewritten if just a few people had actually acted like individual free agents rather than mindless lemmings?
How much time he gains who does not look to see what his neighbour says or does or thinks, but only at what he does himself, to make it just and holy.
How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.
How satisfying it is to leave a mark on a blank surface. To make a map of my movement - no matter how temporary.
How should we be able to forget those ancient myths that are at the beginning of all peoples, the myths about dragons that at the last moment turn into princesses; perhaps all the dragons of our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us once beautiful and brave. Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us.
How small a thought it takes to fill a life.
How strange is man that when he is afraid of something he runs away from it, but when he is afraid of Allah, he gets closer to Him.
How sweet is the assurance, how comforting is the peace that come from the knowledge that if we marry right and live right, our relationship will continue, notwithstanding the certainty of death and the passage of time. Men may write love songs and sing them. They may yearn and hope and dream. But all of this will be only a romantic longing unless there is an exercise of authority that transcends the powers of time and death.
How very paltry and limited the normal human intellect is, and how little lucidity there is in the human consciousness, may be judged from the fact that, despite the ephemeral brevity of human life, the uncertainty of our existence and the countless enigmas which press upon us from all sides, everyone does not continually and ceaselessly philosophize, but that only the rarest of exceptions do.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
How would your life be different if...You approached all relationships with authenticity and honesty? Let today be the day...You dedicate yourself to building relationships on the solid foundation of truth and authenticity.
How would your life be different if...You didn't allow yourself to be defined by your past? Let today be the day...You stop letting your history interfere with your destiny and awaken to the opportunity to release your greatest self.
How would your life be different if...You stopped allowing other people to dilute or poison your day with their words or opinions? Let today be the day...You stand strong in the truth of your beauty and journey through your day without attachment to the validation of others
How would your life be different if...You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter? Let today be the day...You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.
How would your life be different if...You stopped validating your victim mentality? Let today be the day...You shake off your self-defeating drama and embrace your innate ability to recover and achieve.
How would your life be different if...You stopped worrying about things you can't control and started focusing on the things you can? Let today be the day...You free yourself from fruitless worry, seize the day and take effective action on things you can change.
How would your life be different if...You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day...You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.
Human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
Human diversity makes tolerance more than a virtue; it makes it a requirement for survival.
Human history begins with man's act of disobedience which is at the very same time the beginning of his freedom and development of his reason.
Humanity must forgive 'Humanity', for only then can we be Humane.
Humankind has accumulated generation upon generation of knowledge, the culmination of which is the vast and useful technological array we see everywhere in modern society. Despite this great accumulation of knowledge and technology, we still suffer from starvation and war. The difference between the past and the present is the difference between throwing rocks and shooting missiles. We are still in conflict. Suffering on a fundamental level hasn't ceased. But we nevertheless persist in the notion that if we just amass a bit more knowledge, we'll all be o.k. Maybe a new philosophy will do the trick, or a new system of government. But all of this has been tried many times.
Humankind has not woven the web of life. We are but one thread within it. Whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves. All things are bound together. All things connect.
Humans have come into being for the sake of each other, so either teach them, or learn to bear them.
Humility is the true key to success. Successful people lose their way at times. They often embrace and overindulge from the fruits of success. Humility halts this arrogance and self-indulging trap. Humble people share the credit and wealth, remaining focused and hungry to continue the journey of success.
Humility leads to strength and not to weakness. It is the highest form of self-respect to admit mistakes and to make amends for them.
Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in the blood of his followers and the sacrifices of his friends.
Humor has bailed me out of more tight situations than I can think of. If you go with your instincts and keep your humor, creativity follows. With luck, success comes, too.
Humor is mankind's greatest blessing.
Hurl yourself at goals above your head and bear the lacerations that come when you slip and make a fool of yourself. Try always, as long as you have breath in your body, to take the hard way--and work, work, work to build yourself into a rich, continually evolving entity.
I admire those who do good and expect nothing in return.
I advise you to stop sharing your dreams with people who try to hold you back, even if they're your parents. Because, if you're the kind of person who senses there's something out there for you beyond whatever it is you're expected to do - if you want to be EXTRA-ordinary- you will not get there by hanging around a bunch of people who tell you you're not extraordinary. Instead, you will probably
I agree with yours of the 22d that
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples.
I always did something I was a little not ready to do. I think that's how you grow. When there's that moment of, Wow, I'm not really sure I can do this,' and you push through those moments, that's when you have a breakthrough.
I always envisioned myself being a rapper and being in the game and having success, but you never know what it feels like or how you're going to be when you're there.
I always like a woman in power in politics. I think they're pretty inspirational in terms of looks to begin with. It's very calculated.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.
I always say be humble but be firm. Humility and openness are the key to success without compromising your beliefs.
I always thought old age would be a writer's best chance. Whenever I read the late work of Goethe or W. B. Yeats I had the impertinence to identify with it. Now, my memory's gone, all the old fluency's disappeared. I don't write a single sentence without saying to myself, 'It's a lie!' So I know I was right. It's the best chance I've ever had.
I always win. Except when I lose, but then I just don't count it.
I am a citizen of the world.
"I am affected, not because you have deceived me, but because I can no longer believe in you."
I am a flawed person. A brook with many stones, a clear blue sky with many blackbirds. I have many shortcomings. A rainbow that's not long enough, a starry night with clouds. But I can only be thankful to the God who loves me just this way, and I can only be grateful to the people in my life who accept the clear blue sky with many blackbirds and who are patient with the rainbow that isn't long enough. And because of this, I am taught love, because of this I love my God, and I love these people.
I am a happy camper so I guess I'm doing something right. Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
I am always doing what I cannot do yet, in order to learn how to do it.
I am an enthusiast, but not a crank in the sense that I have some pet theories as to the proper construction of a flying machine. I wish to avail myself of all that is already known and then, if possible, add my mite to help on the future worker who will attain final success.
I am an i poet.
I am an optimist... I choose to be. There is a lot of darkness in our world, there is a lot of pain and you can choose to see that or you can choose to see the joy. If you try to respond positively to the world, you will spend your time better.
I am a part of all that I have met.
I am a sick man... I am a spiteful man. I am an unpleasant man. I think my liver is diseased. However, I don't know beans about my disease, and I am not sure what is bothering me. I don't treat it and never have, though I respect medicine and doctors. Besides, I am extremely superstitious, let's say sufficiently so to respect medicine. (I am educated enough not to be superstitious, but I am.) No, I refuse to treat it out of spite. You probably will not understand that. Well, but I understand it. Of course I can't explain to you just whom I am annoying in this case by my spite. I am perfectly well aware that I cannot "get even" with the doctors by not consulting them. I know better than anyone that I thereby injure only myself and no one else. But still, if I don't treat it, its is out of spite. My liver is bad, well then-- let it get even worse!
I am a slow walker, but I never walk back.
I am a strong believer in the tyranny, the dictatorship, the absolute authority of the writer.
I am a success because I do my best before I rest.
I am beautiful because the kindness of my heart is beautiful.
I am big! It's the pictures that got small.
I am buoyant and expansive and uncontainable--but I always was so, only I never knew it!
I am convinced that America's great sea of goodwill can be, in fact, a rising tide, a tide that could lift every veteran and every family of our wounded and fallen.
I am dead because I lack desire,
I am decidedly of the opinion that in very many instances we can trace such a necessary connexion, especially among birds, and often with more complete success than in the case which I have here attempted to explain.
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
I am fallen, flawed and imperfect. Yet drenched in the grace and mercy that is found in Jesus Christ, there is strength
I am fully aware that everybody has a right to succeed, and success should be with ethics.
I am happy for who I am, and what I have come to be. I look forward to whatever else that may come with positivity.
I am highly offended by the total lack of acknowledgement of my contribution to Laker success.
I am hitting my head against the walls, but the walls are giving way.
I am in this same river. I can't much help it. I admit it: I'm racist. The other night I saw a group (or maybe a pack?) or white teenagers standing in a vacant lot, clustered around a 4x4, and I crossed the street to avoid them; had they been black, I probably would have taken another street entirely. And I'm misogynistic. I admit that, too. I'm a shitty cook, and a worse house cleaner, probably in great measure because I've internalized the notion that these are woman's work. Of course, I never admit that's why I don't do them: I always say I just don't much enjoy those activities (which is true enough; and it's true enough also that many women don't enjoy them either), and in any case, I've got better things to do, like write books and teach classes where I feel morally superior to pimps. And naturally I value money over life. Why else would I own a computer with a hard drive put together in Thailand by women dying of job-induced cancer? Why else would I own shirts mad in a sweatshop in Bangladesh, and shoes put together in Mexico? The truth is that, although many of my best friends are people of color (as the cliche goes), and other of my best friends are women, I am part of this river: I benefit from the exploitation of others, and I do not much want to sacrifice this privilege. I am, after all, civilized, and have gained a taste for "comforts and elegancies" which can be gained only through the coercion of slavery. The truth is that like most others who benefit from this deep and broad river, I would probably rather die (and maybe even kill, or better, have someone kill for me) than trade places with the men, women, and children who made my computer, my shirt, my shoes.
I am larger, better than I thought; I did not know I held so much goodness.
I am mad for You,
I am mad for You, it doesn't need not to be proved.
I am Me. In all the world, there is no one else exactly like me. Everything that comes out of me is authentically mine, because I alone chose it -- I own everything about me: my body, my feelings, my mouth, my voice, all my actions, whether they be to others or myself. I own my fantasies, my dreams, my hopes, my fears. I own my triumphs and successes, all my failures and mistakes. Because I own all of me, I can become intimately acquainted with me. By so doing, I can love me and be friendly with all my parts. I know there are aspects about myself that puzzle me, and other aspects that I do not know -- but as long as I am friendly and loving to myself, I can courageously and hopefully look for solutions to the puzzles and ways to find out more about me. However I look and sound, whatever I say and do, and whatever I think and feel at a given moment in time is authentically me. If later some parts of how I looked, sounded, thought, and felt turn out to be unfitting, I can discard that which is unfitting, keep the rest, and invent something new for that which I discarded. I can see, hear, feel, think, say, and do. I have the tools to survive, to be close to others, to be productive, and to make sense and order out of the world of people and things outside of me. I own me, and therefore, I can engineer me. I am me, and I am Okay.
I am my world.
I am never without my lyric book. If anything inspirational happens, I have it there so nothing's forgotten.
I am no king, and I am no lord,
I am not afraid... I was born to do this.
I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today!
I am not a has-been. I am a will be.
I am not always capable of expressing myself to you, but I can always feel your deep desires.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
I am not a smart man, particularly, but one day, at long last, I stumbled from the dark woods of my own, and my family's, and my country's past, holding in my hands these truths: that love grows from the rich loam of forgiveness; that mongrels make good dogs; that the evidence of God exists in the roundness of things. This much, at least, I've figured out. I know this much is true.
I am not a teacher, but an awakener.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.
I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.
I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, he will not ask, 'How many good things have you done in your life?' rather he will ask, 'How much love did you put into what you did?
I am not the hope, neither is any other historical, imaginary or mythical savior. What am I! Nothing. As far as your life is concerned, I am no more valuable and holy than the particles of dust under your feet. So, I have nothing to give you. Only you my friend, can define, understand and manifest religion within yourself.
I am not what I ought to be, I am not what I want to be, I am not what I hope to be in another world; but still I am not what I once used to be, and by the grace of God I am what I am
I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you.
I am not young enough to know everything.
I am one thing, my writings are another.
I am only one, but I am one. I cannot do everything, but I can do something. And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what I can do.
I am overwhelmed by the grace and persistence of my people.
I am philosophical Christ; crucified on the cross of ignorance for the sake of
I am resolved that I will not through humility become the devil's attorney. I will endeavor to speak a good word for the truth.
I am seeking, I am striving, I am in it with all my heart.
I am serious. And don't call me Shirley.
I am serving the purpose for which I was designed, therefore I am satisfied with my existence.
I am sitting with a philosopher in the garden; he says again and again 'I know that that's a tree', pointing to a tree that is near us. Someone else arrives and hears this, and I tell him: 'This fellow isn't insane. We are only doing philosophy.
I am so fresh in soul and spirit that life gushes and bubbles around me in a thousand springs.
I am so, so alive.
I am stable when my private life is a success.
I am still determined to be cheerful and happy, in whatever situation I may be; for I have also learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances. a
I am striving to give back the Divine in myself to the Divine in the All.
I am sure it is everyone's experience, as it has been mine, that any discovery we make about ourselves or the meaning of life is never, like a scientific discovery, a coming upon something entirely new and unsuspected; it is rather, the coming to conscious recognition of something, which we really knew all the time but, because we were unwilling to formulate it correctly, we did not hitherto know we knew.
I am the captain of my soul.
I AM THE MASTER OF MY FATE AND THE CAPTAIN OF MY DESTINY.
I am very conscious of who I am as an artist and as an inspirational person.
I am very optimistic, and I wish that God almighty grants me success to get a qualifying time. Only then can I go to the Olympics. If this happens I will be the first Palestinian athlete to gain a qualifying time. This will be a big achievement.
I am what I am, an' I'm not ashamed. 'Never be ashamed,' my ol' dad used ter say, 'there's some who'll hold it against you, but they're not worth botherin' with.
I am what some would say 'holy, and wholly other than you.' The problem is that many folks try to grasp some sense of who I am by taking the best version of themselves, projecting that to the nth degree, factoring in all the goodness they can perceive, which often isn't much, and then call that God. And while it may seem like a noble effort, the truth is that it falls pitifully short of who I really am. I'm not merely the best version of you that you can think of. I am far more than that, above and beyond all that you can ask or think.
I am who I am; no more, no less.
I am your father.
I appreciate people who are civil, whether they mean it or not. I think: Be civil. Do not cherish your opinion over my feelings. There's a vanity to candor that isn't really worth it. Be kind.
I argue very well. Ask any of my remaining friends. I can win an argument on any topic, against any opponent. People know this, and steer clear of me at parties.
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.
I asked her if I was black or white. She replied "You are a human being. Educate yourself or you'll be a nobody!
I ask of you your lives," Elend said, voice echoing, "and your courage. I ask of you your faith, and your honor--your strength, and your compassion. For today, I lead you to die. I will not ask you to welcome this event. I will not insult you by calling it well, or just, or even glorious. But I will say this.
I ask you right here please to agree with me that a scar is never ugly. That is what the scar makers want us to think. But you and I, we must make an agreement to defy them. We must see all scars as beauty. Okay? This will be our secret. Because take it from me, a scar does not form on the dying. A scar means,
I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn to its advantage
I attribute my success to my mental approach to the game. I have always been a serious student of umpiring. I enjoy studying rules, situations, and positioning.
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.
I avoid clichs like the plague.
I bargained with Life for a penny,
I began to realize how important it was to be an enthusiast in life. He taught me that if you are interested in something, no matter what it is, go at it at full speed ahead. Embrace it with both arms, hug it, love it and above all become passionate about it. Lukewarm is no good. Hot is no good either. White hot and passionate is the only thing to be.
I believed that I was approaching the end of my days without having tasted to the full any of the pleasures for which my heart thirsted...without having ever tasted that passion which, through lack of an object, was always suppressed. ...The impossibility of attaining the real persons precipitated me into the land of chimeras; and seeing nothing that existed worthy of my exalted feelings, I fostered them in an ideal world which my creative imagination soon peopled with beings after my own heart.
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.
I believe in God because I can see the beauty and the love in you.
I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow.
I believe in luck: how else can you explain the success of those you dislike?
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
I believe in political solutions to political problems. But man's primary problems aren't political; they're philosophical. Until humans can solve their philosophical problems, they're condemned to solve their political problems over and over and over again. It's a cruel, repetitious bore.
I believe in some blending of hope and sunshine sweetening the worst lots. I believe that this life is not all; neither the beginning nor the end. I believe while I tremble; I trust while I weep.
I believe in spectacles, but I think eyes necessary too.
I believe in the city as a natural human environment, but we must humanize it. It's art that will re-define public space in the 21st Century. We can make our cities diverse, inspirational places by putting art, dance and performance in all its forms into the matrix of street life.
I believe in the dignity of labor, whether with head or hand; that the world owes no man a living but that it owes every man an opportunity to make a living.
I believe in the equality of man; and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow-creatures happy.
I believe in the hands that work, in the brains that think, and in the hearts that love...I believe in sunshine, fresh air, friendship, calm sleep, beautiful thoughts.
I believe in the immeasurable power of love; that true love can endure any circumstance and reach across any distance.
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.
I believe success is preparation, because opportunity is going to knock on your door sooner or later but are you prepared to answer that?
I believe that any type of education can be great, but an education about ourselves can create something wonderful. I am a comedian, but people have called me a motivational speaker. I don't really consider myself that at all.
I believe that a scientist looking at nonscientific problems is just as dumb as the next guy.
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.
I believe that everything that you do bad comes back to you. So everything that I do that's bad, I'm going to suffer from it. But in my mind, I believe what I'm doing is right. So I feel like I'm going to heaven
I believe that friends are quiet angels who sit on our shoulders and lift our wings when we forget how to fly.
I believe that God is in me as the sun is in the colour and fragrance of a flower - the Light in my darkness, the Voice in my silence.
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings.
I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
I believe that just because something didn't go the way you planned it once, it's no reason not to try again.
I believe that life is a prize, but to live doesn't mean you're alive.
I believe that one defines oneself by reinvention. To not be like your parents. To not be like your friends. To be yourself. To cut yourself out of stone.
I believe that one key to success is to accept truth, no matter how it's spoken.
I believe that the imagination is the passport we create to take us into the real world. I believe the imagination is another phrase for what is most uniquely us.
I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams.
I believe that the universe was formed around 15 billion years ago and that humans have evolved from their apelike ancestors over the past few million years. I believe we are more likely to live a good life if all humans try to work together in a world community, preserving planet earth. When decisions for groups are made in this world, I believe that the democratic process should be used. To protect the individual, I believe in freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom of religion, freedom from religion, freedom of inquiry, and a wall of separation between church and state. When making decisions about what is right or wrong, I believe I should use my intelligence to reason about the likely consequences of my actions. I believe that I should try to increase the happiness of everyone by caring for other people and finding ways to cooperate. Never should my actions discriminate against people simply because of their race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, or national origin. I believe that ideas about what is right and wrong will change with education, so I am prepared to continually question ideas using evidence from experience and science. I believe there is no valid evidence to support claims for the existence of supernatural entities and deities. I will use these beliefs to guide my thinking and my actions until I find good reasons for revising them or replacing them with other beliefs that are more valid.
I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business.
I believe there is another world waiting for us. A better world. And I'll be waiting for you there.
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts.
I believe the simplest explanation is, there is no God. No one created the universe and no one directs our fate. This leads me to a profound realization that there probably is no heaven and no afterlife either. We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe and for that, I am extremely grateful.
I belive I can fly, I believe I can touch the sky.
I blame everything on LIFE!
I came to America with a dream and I made it. The dream became reality. America is built for success.
I came to the conclusion long ago that all religions were true and that also that all had some error in them, and while I hold by my own religion, I should hold other religions as dear as Hinduism. So we can only pray, if we were Hindus, not that a Christian should become a Hindu; but our innermost prayer should be that a Hindu should become a better Hindu, a Muslim a better Muslim, and a Christian a better Christian.
I can accept anything, except what seems to be the easiest for most people: the half-way, the almost, the just-about, the in-between.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.
I can and I will. Watch me.
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.
I can blend words easily with my pen, and show concepts from deep within. Yet not everyone gets the message I send. So why do I even let these words begin? Maybe they will soak in one day at the right time. When the readers on a new path to find. So for now I'll continue to drop ink and not worry about what other people think.
I can honestly say that I was never affected by the question of the success of an undertaking. If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome.
I can kill a bad guy, but I can't save anyone. I'm not a hero. All I am is a killer. A dead killer who shit his pants.
I can live for two months on a good compliment.
I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.
I cannot encourage any fabrication even for the sake of making people feel good. If I were to fabricate consciously and knowingly, I would not only be ordaining myself their enemy, but also ordaining myself God's enemy.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure - which is: Try to please everybody.
I cannot help you, for I am just a cookie.
I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.
I cannot pretend I am without fear. But my predominant feeling is one of gratitude. I have loved and been loved; I have been given much and I have given something in return; I have read and traveled and thought and written. I have had an intercourse with the world, the special intercourse of writers and readers.
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think
I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father's protection.
I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself.
I can say the willingness to get dirty has always defined us as an nation, and it's a hallmark of hard work and a hallmark of fun, and dirt is not the enemy.
I can't be who I'm not, but I can be who I am.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
I can tell you I love you as many times as you can stand to hear it, but all it does is remind us that love is not enough. Not even close.
I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
I can, therefore I am.
I can't hold my liquor, but I can definitely hold a tune.
I can't make predictions and I never will
I can't sleep on a bed of discontent.
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
I care for no man on earth, and no man on earth cares for me.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
I challenge every one of you who can hear me to rise to the divinity within you. Do we really realize what it means to be a child of God, to have within us something of the divine nature?
I change the world, the world changes me.
I choose gentleness... Nothing is won by force. I choose to be gentle. If I raise my voice may it be only in praise. If I clench my fist, may it be only in prayer. If I make a demand, may it be only of myself.
I choose to make the rest of my life the best of my life.
I close my eyes
I come to win.
I congratulate you, my brave countrymen and fellow soldiers, on the spirit and success with which you have executed this important part of our enterprise.
I consider it an extremely dangerous doctrine, because the more likely we are to assume that the solution comes from the outside, the less likely we are to solve our problems ourselves.
I consider myself a stained-glass window. And this is how I live my life. Closing no doors and covering no windows; I am the multi-colored glass with light filtering through me, in many different shades. Allowing light to shed and fall into many many hues. My job is not to direct anything, but only to filter into many colors. My answer is destiny and my guide is joy. And there you have me.
I consist of body and soul - in the worlds of a child. And why shouldn't we speak like children? But the enlightened, the knowledgealbe would say: I am body through and through, nothing more; and the soul is just a word for something on the body.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who overcomes his enemies.
I count life just a stuff, to try the soul's strength on.
Idealisme adalah kemewahan terakhir yang hanya dimiliki oleh pemuda.
Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.
Ideas are a dime a dozen. People who implement them are priceless.
Ideas are the source of all things
Ideas can be life-changing. Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea.
Ideas improve. The meaning of words participates in the improvement. Plagiarism is necessary. Progress implies it. It embraces an author's phrase, makes use of his expressions, erases a false idea, and replaces it with the right idea.
Ideas shape the course of history.
I define success as being comfortable with yourself and your life. And that is about as good as it gets, really.
I demolish my bridges behind me...then there is no choice but to move forward.
Identifying the flaw in the US philosophical roots requires that we move beyond the intellectual and emotional climate in which the Constitution was conceived and adopted. The meanings of concepts and words change with use, and even the Supreme Court has admitted that the original perspective of the American social contract has been altered by the passage of time.
I desire to live in peace and to continue the life I have begun under the motto 'to live well you must live unseen
I'd heard of Evergreen Care Center before. Cass and I had always made fun of the stupid ads they ran on TV, featuring some dragged-out woman with a limp perm and big, painted-on circles under her eyes, downing vodka and sobbing uncontrollably. "We can't heal you at Evergreen", the very somber voiceover said. "But we can help you to heal yourself." It had become our own running joke, applicable to almost anything.
I did an A Level in Theatre Studies and had a really inspirational teacher, and then I just went on to university.
I didn't come here of my own accord, and I can't leave that way.
I didn't fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong.
I didn't say it was your fault. I said I was going to blame you.
I didn't want to do it,' Kiala said. 'The universe just kind of conspired to force me to make a fool of myself. It does that quite a lot, actually.
I did stand-up comedy for 18 years. Ten of those years were spent learning, four years were spent refining, and four years were spent in wild success. I was seeking comic originality, and fame fell on me as a byproduct. The course was more plodding than heroic.
"I did that," says my memory. "I could not have done that," says my pride, and remains inexorable. Eventually--the memory yields.
I discovered at a very early age that if I talked for long enough, I could make anything right or wrong. So, either I'm God, or truth is relative. Eitherway, booyah.
I discovered that it is necessary, absolutely necessary, to believe in nothing. That is, we have to believe in something which has no form and no color--something which exists before all forms and colors appear... No matter what god or doctrine you believe in, if you become attached to it, your belief will be based more or less on a self-centered idea.
"I dislike him."--Why?--"I am not a match for him."--Did any one ever answer so?
I disregard the proportions, the measures, the tempo of the ordinary world. I refuse to live in the ordinary world as ordinary women. To enter ordinary relationships. I want ecstasy. I am a neurotic -- in the sense that I live in my world. I will not adjust myself to the world. I am adjusted to myself.
Idleness is the beginning of all psychology. What? Should psychology be a vice?
I'd like to add some beauty to life," said Anne dreamily. "I don't exactly want to make people KNOW more... though I know that IS the noblest ambition... but I'd love to make them have a pleasanter time because of me... to have some little joy or happy thought that would never have existed if I hadn't been born.
I'd like to be the moon in your sky.
I'd like to one day be featured on a list of inspirational people who have made a difference in the world, whether it be helping underprivileged people or putting an end to the poaching of wildlife in Africa.
I do a lot of inspirational talks for kids, to motivate them to change their lives and give them hope.
I do like alternative rock and rap, but as far as inspirational, then I go full-on orchestra. It fills up your entire being.
I do like the world quite a lot.
I do love to eavesdrop. It's inspirational, not only for subject matter but for actual dialogue, the way people talk.
I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right.
I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness, and the willingness to remain vulnerable.
I do not care so much what I am to others as I care what I am to myself.
I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but it should get you pretty near.
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near.
I do not know how to teach philosophy without becoming a disturber of the peace.
I do not know what the heart of a rascal may be, but I know what is in the heart of an honest man; it is horrible.
I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things.
I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.
I do not think that tragedy is our natural fate and I do not live in chronic dread of disaster. It is no happiness, but suffering that I consider unnatural. It is not success, but calamity that I regard as the abnormal exception in Human Life.
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.
I don't believe a second, compatible implementation of Bitcoin will ever be a good idea.
I don't believe in hate. To me it wastes too much time. People who hate waste so much of their life hating that they miss out on all the other stuff out here.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
I don't chase after anyone, If you wanna walk out of my life, then I'll hold the fucking door open for you.
I don't count my sit-ups; I only start counting when it starts hurting because they're the only ones that count.
I don't cry tears for the people I've lost, but for the people that I don't know.
I don't deserve a soul, yet I still have one. I know because it hurts.
I don't dislike rappers or hip-hop or people who like it. I went to the Def Jam tour in Manchester in the '80s when rap was inspirational. Public Enemy were awesome. But it's all about status and bling now, and it doesn't say anything to me.
I don't dwell on success. Maybe that's one reason I'm successful.
I don't ever remember being afraid of "oldness".
I don't fit into any stereotypes. And I like myself that way.
I don't have a philosophy: I have senses...
I don't imitate; I just emulate.
I don't know, I don't want to talk as much. (...) It's nicer to think dear, pretty thoughts and keep them in one's heart, like treasures. I don't like to have them laughed at or wondered over.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
I don't know what it's like to have a typical father figure. He's not the dad who's going to take me to the beach and go swimming, but he's such a motivational person.
I don't know what keeps me going. Sometimes I wonder... I think it's just pure perseverance and wanting to succeed and having that burning desire to always have success.
I don't know what's worse: to not know what you are and be happy, or to become what you've always wanted to be, and feel alone.
I don't know whether this world has a meaning that transcends it. But I know that I cannot know that meaning and that it is impossible for me just now to know it.
I don't know why people are afraid of lust. Then I can imagine that they are very afraid of me, for I have a great lust for everything. A lust for life, a lust for how the summer-heated street feels beneath my feet, a lust for the touch of another's skin on my skin...a lust for everything. I even lust after cake. Yes, I am very lusty and very scary.
I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.
I don't like being choreographed to a T. I like to take steps and make them my own.
I don't like the ALPHAbet. I'm going to wait for the BETA version.
I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars-I look for 1-foot bars that I can step over.
I don't lose any sleep at night over the potential for failure. I cannot even spell the word.
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.
I don't need any plastic in my body to validate me as a woman.
I don't need to be
I don't paint dreams or nightmares, I paint my own reality.
I don't regret anything I've ever done in life, any choice that I've made. But I'm consumed with regret for the things I didn't do, the choices I didn't make, the things I didn't say. We spend so much time being afraid of failure, afraid of rejection. But regret is the thing we should fear most. Failure is an answer. Rejection is an answer. Regret is an eternal question you will never have the answer to. "What if..." "If only..." "I wonder what would have..." You will never, never know, and it will haunt you for the rest of your days.
i don't regret the difficulties I experienced; I think they help helped me to become the person I am today. i feel the way a warrior must feel after years of traning; he doesn't remember the details of everything he learned, but he knows how to strike when the time is right
I don't regret the painful times; I bare my scars as if they were medals.
I don't stop when I am tired, I stop when I am done.
I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.
I don't take success and failure seriously. The only thing I do seriously is march forward. If I fall, I get up and march again.
I don't think about financial success as the measurement of my success.
I don't think anyone, until their soul leaves their body, is past the point of no return
I don't think 'Cocktail' was a perfect critical success, but it touched a vein in our culture.
I don't think journalists in World War II were objective about the Nazis, and I don't think they should have been.
I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains.
I don't think the real America is in New York or on the Pacific Coast; personally, I like the Middle West much better, places like North and South Dakota, Minneapolis and Saint Paul. There, I think, are the true Americans
I don't think we get answers to every question. We don't get all the whys. But I think when we look back to the end of our lives, if we do the best we can, and we will see that the things we begged God to take from us, the things we cursed him for, the things that made us turn our backs on him, are the things that were the biggest blessings, the biggest opportunities for growth.
I don't think you should wait. I think you should speak now.
I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.
I don't understand dating.. and the other things that people do.. all I know is that you ought to find the one you recognize. The one who gives you four arms, four legs, four eyes, and has the other half of your heart. There's only one of those, so what are all the other things for? Like dating?
I don't want anyone to hold back who they are. It's not okay... it's not a good thing
I don't want to accidentally end up looking back on my life to find that I'm ashamed of myself, I want to live a life I can be proud of.
I don't want to be a tree; I want to be its meaning.
I don't want to be married to someone who feels inferior to my success or because I make more money than he does.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
I don't want to live in the kind of world where we don't look out for each other. Not just the people that are close to us, but anybody who needs a helping hand. I cant change the way anybody else thinks, or what they choose to do, but I can do my bit.
I don't want to survive. I want to live.
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail, than to attempt nothing and succeed.
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.
I'd rather be a rising ape than a falling angel.
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
I'd rather die while I'm living than live while I'm dead.
I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
I'd rather welcome change than cling to the past.
I'd rather write programs to write programs than write programs.
I dreamed I spoke in another's language,
I dreamt a limitless book,
I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself.
I drink your milkshake!
I dwell in possibility.
I ended my first book with the words 'no answer.' I know now, Lord, why you utter no answer. You are yourself the answer. Before your face questions die away. What other answer would suffice? Only words, words; to be led out to battle against other words.
If a bullet should enter my brain, let that bullet destroy every closet door.
If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?
If all mankind minus one, were of one opinion, and only one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person, than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind.
If a man be gracious and courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world, and that his heart is no island cut off from other lands, but a continent that joins to them.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
If a man does not know what port he is steering for, no wind is favourable to him.
If a man does not make new acquaintance as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, Sir, should keep his friendship in constant repair.
If a man has any greatness in him, it comes to light, not in one flamboyant hour, but in the ledger of his daily work.
If a man has been his mother's undisputed darling he retains throughout life the triumphant feeling, the confidence in success, which not seldom brings actual success along with it.
If a man has character, he has also his typical experience, which always recurs.
If a man is called to be a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as a Michaelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will pause to say, 'Here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well.
If a man is to shed the light of the sun upon other men, he must first of all have it within himself.
If a man who can't count finds a four leaf clover, is he lucky?
If an angelic being fell from the sky and tried to live in this world of ours I think even they would commit many wrongs.
If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.
If anyone on the verge of action should judge himself according to the outcome, he would never begin.
If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, "He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone.
If a problem is fixable, if a situation is such that you can do something about it, then there is no need to worry. If it's not fixable, then there is no help in worrying. There is no benefit in worrying whatsoever.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point in being a damn fool about it.
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
If a vegetarian eats vegetables, what does a humanitarian eat?
If a woman has manly virtues, one feels like running away; and if she has no manly virtues, she herself runs away.
If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base.
If a writer falls in love with you, you can never die.
if being is many, it must be both like and unlike, and this is impossible, for neither can the like be unlike, nor the unlike like
If by any chance a playwright wishes to express a political opinion or a moral opinion or a philosophy, he must be a good enough craftsman to do it with so much spice of entertainment in it that the public get the message without being aware of it.
If chance be the Father of all flesh,
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.
If disaster, so be it, they said to themselves. There was nothing to be done except what could be done. The rest -- like the salt water around them, which swallowed the snow without effort, remaining what it was implacably -- was out of their hands, beyond.
I feel infinite.
I feel it is everybody's obligation to reach for the best in themselves and use that for the interest of mankind.
I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started.
I feel lucky because I was a nerd, which I talk about in the book, but I had academic success, so through that, because that's what my parents put a great deal of value on, I had a great childhood because I sort of fulfilled the expectations of being good at school.
I feel very adventurous. There are so many doors to be opened, and I'm not afraid to look behind them.
I felt the taste of mortality in my mouth, and at that moment I understood that I was not going to live forever. It takes a long time to learn that, but when you finally do, everything changes inside you, you can never be the same again. I was seventeen years old, and all of a sudden, without the slightest flicker of a doubt, I understood that my life was my own, that it belonged to me and no one else.
If every life is a river, then it's little wonder that we do not even notice the changes that occur until we are far out in the darkest sea. One day you look around and nothing is familiar, not even your own face.
If everyone helps to hold up the sky, then one person does not become tired.
If everyone is a product of this society, who will say the things that need to be said, and do the things that need to be done, without compromise? Truth will never start out popular in a world more concerned with marketability than righteousness. It will initially suffer ridicule and even violence- yet ultimately it is undeniable. All of humanity is living in a dream world, but suffering real consequences.
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
If everyone wants to be somebody, I want to be somebody else
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.
If freedom is short of weapons, we must compensate with willpower.
If he was not exactly a Spartan, he was, you might say, spartanatical. Things happened to you; they were good,or they were bad - and that was the truth about everything.
If I am godless it is because I have not found my soulmate as yet.
If I am the pawn of the gods, it is because they know me so well, not because they make my mind up for me.
If I am to be fallen into love, I will. And if as a result I will appear to be stupid, disillusioned, and of poor judgment, I will. And I would be damned if I cared what other people think. For I would rather be thought of as all of these things, than not love. If in loving, I become the naked woman on the horse, I will ride that horse with my head held high. This is my spirit. I am unbreakable.
If I am truly to become an autonomous woman, then I must take over that role of being my own guardian...I not only have to become my own husband, but I need to be my own father, too.
If I could offer but one helpful hint to young Hoosiers hoping to better their odds for success in life, I would simply note the importance of thoughtful reading.
If I create from the heart, nearly everything works; if from the head, almost nothing.
I figured something out. The future is unpredictable.
If i had it all to do again there would be more bodies.
If I had permitted my failures, or what seemed to me at the time a lack of success, to discourage me I cannot see any way in which I would ever have made progress.
If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.
If I had to live my life over, I'd live over a saloon.
If I have made a mistake in the design, then I'm the one who should pay for it. I certainly would not ask somebody else to fly a plane if I were afraid to do it myself.
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.
If I hold my head to the left and look down at the handle grips and front wheel and map carrier and gas tank I get one pattern of sense data. If I move my head to the right I get another slightly different pattern of sense data. The two views are different. The angles of the planes and curves of the metal are different. The sunlight strikes them differently. If there's no logical basis for substance then there's no logical basis for concluding that what's produced these two views is the same motorcycle.
If I lived a million lives, I would've felt a million feelings and I still would've fallen a million times for you.
If I must fall, may it be from a high place.
I find it odd- the greed of mankind. People only like you for as long as they perceive they can get what they want from you. Or for as long as they perceive you are who they want you to be. But I like people for all of their changing surprises, the thoughts in their heads, the warmth that changes to cold and the cold that changes to warmth... for being human. The rawness of being human delights me.
I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.
I find television very educational. Every time someone switches it on I go into another room and read a good book.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious."
I firmly believe that unless one has tasted the bitter pill of failure, one cannot aspire enough for success.
If I should have a daughter..."Instead of "Mom", she's gonna call me "Point B." Because that way, she knows that no matter what happens, at least she can always find her way to me. And I'm going to paint the solar system on the back of her hands so that she has to learn the entire universe before she can say "Oh, I know that like the back of my hand."
If I speak in anger, then you must listen in silence.
If it boils and is watched, it can't be a pot.
If it can be destroyed by the truth, it deserves to be destroyed by the truth.
If I tell you I'm good, you would probably think I'm boasting. If I tell you I'm no good, you know I'm lying.
If it is bread that you seek, you will have bread.
If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger.
If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, it's a duck.
If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try.
If it seems the fates are against you today, they probably are.
If it's endurable, then endure it. Stop complaining.
If it's going to be a world with no time for sentiment, it's not a world that I want to live in.
If it's not fun, you're not doing it right.
If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it.
If it's stupid but works, it isn't stupid.
If it turns out that there is a God...the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever.
If it wasn't for life, I wouldn't have you.
If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight.
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would get done.
If I've learned one lesson from all that's happened to me, it's that there is no such thing as the biggest mistake of your existence. There's no such thing as ruining your life. Life's a pretty resilient thing, it turns out.
If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself.
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution.
If just one of [those people] experiences life as a crazy adventure--and I mean that he, or she, experiences this every single day... Then he or she is a joker in a pack of cards.
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.
If men could combine thus earnestly, and patiently, and harmoniously to some really worthy end, what might they not accomplish?
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.
If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it - then I can achieve it.
If my opinion that substance requires a true unity were founded only on a definition I had formulated in opposition to common usage, *then the dispute would be only one of words*. But besides the fact that most philosophers have taken the term in almost the same fashion, distinguishing between a unity in itself and an accidental unity, between substantial and accidental form, and between perfect and imperfect, natural and artificial mixtures, I take things to a much higher level, and setting aside the question of terminology, *I believe that where there are only beings by aggregation, there aren't any real beings*. For every being by aggregation presupposes beings endowed with real unity, because every being derives its reality only from the reality of those beings of which it is composed, so that it will not have any reality at all if each being of which it is composed is itself a being by aggregation, a being for which we must still seek further grounds for its reality, grounds which can never be found in this way, if we must always continue to seek for them. I agree, Sir, that there are only machines (that are often animated) in all of corporeal nature, but I do not agree that *there are only aggregates of substances, there must also be true substances from which all the aggregates result.
If my writing comes to a halt, I head to the shops: I find them very inspirational. And if I get into real trouble with my plot, I go out for a pizza with my husband.
If nature has made you for a giver, your hands are born open, and so is your heart; and though there may be times when your hands are empty, your heart is always full, and you can give things out of that--warm things, kind things, sweet things--help and comfort and laughter--and sometimes gay, kind laughter is the best help of all.
If nothing comes to mind................
If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little of robbing; and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking, and from that to incivility and procrastination.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
If one knew the truth how could there be freedom? If hell and paradise were in the middle of the marketplace, everyone would be a saint.
If one makes a mistake, then an apology is usually sufficient to get things back on an even keel. However-and this is a big 'however'- most people do not ever know why their apology did not seem to have any effect. It is simply that they did not make a mistake; they made a choice...and never understood the difference between the two.
If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?
If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.
If only it were possible to love without injury -- fidelity isn't enough: I had been faithful to Anne and yet I had injured her. The hurt is in the act of possession: we are too small in mind and body to possess another person without pride or to be possessed without humiliation. In a way I was glad that my wife had struck out at me again -- I had forgotten her pain for too long, and this was the only kind of recompense I could give her. Unfortunately the innocent are always involved in any conflict. Always, everywhere, there is some voice crying from a tower.
If only people would realize that moral principles are like measles...They have to be caught. And only the people who've got them can pass on the contagion.
If only you would realize some day, how much have you hurt me,
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
I found it interesting that as people become more technically oriented all over the world, at the same time people are becoming increasingly spiritual. The success of the Da Vinci code - even though it was a great yawn - also showed people's interest in religion.
If people are not laughing at your goals, your goals are too small.
If people ask me for the ingredients of success, I say one is talent, two is stubbornness or determination, and third is sheer luck. You have to have two out of the three. Any two will probably do.
If people knew how hard I worked to achieve my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful after all.
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all.
If people make fun of you, that probably means you're doing something right.
If people reach perfection they vanish, you know.
If people refuse to look at you in a new light and they can only see you for what you were, only see you for the mistakes you've made, if they don't realize that you are not your mistakes, then they have to go.
I freed a thousand slaves I could have freed a thousand more if only they knew they were slaves.
If Relativity Theory kills our deepest convictions, why not start by finding out why we believed in them for millennia?
If she's amazing, she won't be easy. If she's easy, she won't be amazing. If she's worth it, you wont give up. If you give up, you're not worthy. ... Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
If someone can prove me wrong and show me my mistake in any thought or action, I shall gladly change. I seek the truth, which never harmed anyone: the harm is to persist in one's own self-deception and ignorance.
If someone does not want me it is not the end of the world. But if I do not want me, the world is nothing but endings.
If someone says 'grunge' or 'punk,' you know what the sound is, but if you say 'No Wave,' it's kind of mysterious. That was the most interesting part and should have been the most inspirational thing about it... here's this collective sonic insanity, and none of it sounds anything alike.
If something is important enough, even if the odds are against you, you should still do it.
If something isn't working, you need to look back and figure out what got you excited in the first place.
If something stands between you and your success, move it. Never be denied.
If that which we have found is the corruption of solitude, then what can men wish for save corruption? If this is the great evil of being alone, than what is good and what is evil?
"If the band is not to break, bite it first--secure to make!"
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.
If the emotions are free the intellect will look after itself
If the game is rigged so you can't win, find another game or invent your own.
If the meaning of life has become doubtful, if one's relations to others and to oneself do not offer security, then fame is one means to silence one's doubts. It has a function to be compared with that of the Egyptian pyramids or the Christian faith in immortality: it elevates one's individual life from its limitations and instability to the plane of indestructability; if one's name is known to one's contemporaries and if one can hope that it will last for centuries, then one's life has meaning and significance by this very reflection of it in the judgments of others.
If the moment is everthing, then everything is time.
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.
If the only prayer you say throughout your life is "Thank You," then that will be enough.
If the ordinary wage-earner worked four hours a day, there would be enough for everybody and no unemployment -- assuming a certain very moderate amount of sensible organization. This idea shocks the well-to-do, because they are convinced that the poor would not know how to use so much leisure. In America men often work long hours even when they are well off; such men, naturally, are indignant at the idea of leisure for wage-earners, except as the grim punishment of unemployment; in fact, they dislike leisure even for their sons.
If there are no struggles, there is no progress.
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own.
If there is anything that links the human to the divine, it is the courage to stand by a principle when everybody else rejects it.
If there is a will, there is a way.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
If the rest of your brain were conscious, it would probably regard you as the pointy-haired boss from Dilbert
If there were a party of those who aren't sure they're right, I'd belong to it.
If there were no eternal consciousness in a man, if at the bottom of everything there were only a wild ferment, a power that twisting in dark passions produced everything great or inconsequential; if an unfathomable, insatiable emptiness lay hid beneath everything, what would life be but despair?
If there were no night, we would not appreciate the day, nor could we see the stars and the vastness of the heavens. We must partake of the bitter with the sweet. There is a divine purpose in the adversities we encounter every day. They prepare, they purge, they purify, and thus they bless.
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
If the sum of living be love's fee,
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars.
If the worker and his boss enjoy the same television program and visit the same resort places, if the typist is as attractively made up as the daughter of her employer, if the Negro owns a Cadillac, if they all read the same newspaper, then this assimilation indicates not the disappearance of classes, but the extent to which the needs and satisfactions that serve the preservation of the Establishment are shared by the underlying population.
If the world is to be healed through human efforts, I am convinced it will be by ordinary people, people whose love for this life is even greater than their fear.
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.
If the world was made for us, then it BELONGS to us and we can do what we damn well please with it.
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you.
If they don't like you for being yourself, be yourself even more.
If they give you ruled paper, write the other way.
If those at your top are weak, your bottom will be rotten
If through a broken heart God can bring His purposes to pass in the world, then thank Him for breaking your heart.
If time is precious, no book that will not improve by repeated readings deserves to be read at all.
If toast always lands butter-side down, and cats always land on their feet, what happens if you drop a buttered cat?
If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what was yesterday?
If tomorrow were never to come, it would not be worth living today.
If ur laptop doesnt smell like fire then ur losing.
If we all did the things we are really capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
If we are in a general way permitted to regard human activity in the realm of the beautiful as a liberation of the soul, as a release from constraint and restriction, in short to consider that art does actually alleviate the most overpowering and tragic catastrophes by means of the creations it offers to our contemplation and enjoyment, it is the art of music which conducts us to the final summit of that ascent to freedom.
If we are merely matter intricately assembled, is this really demeaning? If there's nothing here but atoms, does that make us less or does that make matter more?
If we bear all this suffering and if there are still Jews left, when it is over, then Jews, instead of being doomed, will be held up as an example.
If we cannot comprehend God in his visible works, how then in his inconceivable thoughts, that call the works into being?
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
If we do not lay ourselves at the service of mankind, whom should we serve?
If we don't change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we are going.
If we don't want to change ourselves, how can we expect progress and abundance?
If we ever forget that we're one nation under God, then we will be one nation gone under.
...if we gained only one incontestable truth every ten years from each of our philosophical writers the harvest we reaped would be sufficient.
If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that we'll have them tomorrow.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
If we have our own why of life, we shall get along with almost any how. Man does not strive for pleasure; only the Englishman does.
If we listened to our intellect we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go in business because we'd be cynical: "It's gonna go wrong." Or "She's going to hurt me." Or,"I've had a couple of bad love affairs, so therefore . . ." Well, that's nonsense. You're going to miss life. You've got to jump off the cliff all the time and build your wings on the way down.
If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
If we look through the aperture which we have opened up onto the absolute, what we see there is a rather menacing power--something insensible, and capable of destroying both things and worlds, of bringing forth monstrous absurdities, yet also of never doing anything, of realizing every dream, but also every nightmare, of engendering random and frenetic transformations, or conversely, of producing a universe that remains motionless down to its ultimate recesses, like a cloud bearing the fiercest storms, then the eeriest bright spells, if only for an interval of disquieting calm. We see an omnipotence equal to that of the Cartesian God, and capable of anything, even the inconceivable; but an omnipotence that has become autonomous, without norms, blind, devoid of the other divine perfections, a power with neither goodness nor wisdom, ill-disposed to reassure thought about the veracity of its distinct ideas. We see something akin to Time, but a Time that is inconceivable for physics, since it is capable of destroying without cause or reason, every physical law, just as it is inconceivable for metaphysics, since it is capable of destroying every determinate entity, even a god, even God. This is not a Heraclitean time, since it is not the eternal law of becoming, but rather the eternal and lawless possible becoming of every law. It is a Time capable of destroying even becoming itself by bringing forth, perhaps forever, fixity, stasis, and death.
If we put away all the etymological jargon and destroy all self-created images and technical descriptions, then it is as simple as this - a moral being is a good being - a religious being - a conscientious being - a wise being.
If we tend to the things that are important in life, if we are right with those we love, and behave in line with our faith, our lives will not be cursed with the aching throb of unfulfilled business. Our words will always be sincere, our embraces will be tight. We will never wallow in the agony of 'I could have, I should have'. We can sleep in a storm. And when its time, our goodbyes will be complete.
If we thought more for ourselves we would have very many more bad books and very many more good ones.
If we try to measure Now, we find it's always gone, has become part of the past.
If we wanted to construct a basic philosophical attitude from these scientific utterances of
If we were to one day encounter a form of life more powerful and intelligent than our own, and it regarded us as we regard fish, what would be our argument against being eaten?
If we were to select the most intelligent, imaginative, energetic, and emotionally stable third of mankind, all races would be present.
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as "lines produced" but as "lines spent".
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as lines produced but as lines spent.
If we wish to draw philosophical conclusions about our own existence, our significance, and the significance of the universe itself, our conclusions should be based on empirical knowledge. A truly open mind means forcing our imaginations to conform to the evidence of reality, and not vice versa, whether or not we like the implications.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you've always gotten.
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
If you appreciate the small things, you're likely to get the big ones.
If you are a dreamer come in
If you are a writer you locate yourself behind a wall of silence and no matter what you are doing, driving a car or walking or doing housework you can still be writing, because you have that space.
If you are content with the best you have done, you will never become the best you can be.
If you are her man, she will talk to you until there just
If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?
If you are lazy, and accept your lot, you may live in it. If you are willing to work, you can write your name anywhere you choose.
If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
If you are never scared, embarrassed, or hurt, it means you never take chances.
If you are not embarrassed by the first version of your product, you've launched too late.
If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for ordinary.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
If you are still breathing maybe it is not such a bad day after all...
If you are under the impression you have already perfected yourself, you will never rise to the heights you are no doubt capable of.
If you are willing to do more than you are paid to do, eventually you will be paid to do more than you do.
If you are working on something that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.
If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud.
If you ate pasta and antipasta, would you still be hungry?
If you believed in Christianity or Islam it was called 'faith', but if you believed in astrology or friday the thirteenth it was Superstition!
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards.
If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.
If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.
If you build it, he will come.
If you can control your behavior when everything around you is out of control, you can model for your children a valuable lesson in patience and understanding...and snatch an opportunity to shape character.
If you can convince people that freedom is injustice, they will then believe that slavery is freedom.
If you can dream it, you can achieve it.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
If you can figure out my success on the screen, you're a better man than I.
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it.
If you can keep your head when all about you
If you cannot find an element of Humour in something, your not taking it seriously enough.
If you cannot lead yourself, how can you lead others? Before leading others, you have to lead yourself first.
If you can remember the '60s, then you weren't there.
If you can't be honest with your friends and colleagues and loved ones, then what is life all about?
If you can't believe in miracles, then believe in yourself. When you want something bad enough, let that drive push you to make it happen. Sometimes you'll run into brick walls that are put there to test you. Find a way around them and stay focused on your dream. Where there's a will, there's a way.
If you can't do great things, do small things in a great way.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
If you can't fight and you can't flee, flow.
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
If you can't make it good, at least make it look good.
If you can't run, you crawl. If you can't crawl-- you find someone to carry you.
If you can't test it, it's not theorics -- it's metatheorics. A branch of philosophy. So, if you want to think of it this way, our test equipment is what defines the boundary separating theorics from philosophy.
If you can't you must, and if you must you can.
If you care about someone enough, you'll always be there for them no matter what.
If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.
If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.
If you change who you are to suit other people, you may end up dressed for the wrong occasion
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.
If you compete with others, you may not win. If you compete with yourself, you always win by becoming better.
If you could disagree with kings, were gods so far above?
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.
If you create incredible value and information for others that can change their lives - and you always stay focused on that service - the financial success will follow.
If you dare nothing, then when the day is over, nothing is all you will have gained.
If you do follow your bliss you put yourself on a kind of track that has been there all the while, waiting for you, and the life that you ought to be living is the one you are living. Follow your bliss and don't be afraid, and doors will open where you didn't know they were going to be.
If you do not ask, the answer will always be no.
If you do not go after what you want, you will never have it.
If you do not step forward, you will remain in the same place.
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
If you don't ask, you don't get.
If you don't behave as you believe, you will end by believing as you behave.
If you don't believe it or don't get it, I don't have the time to try to convince you, sorry.
If you don't build your dream someone will hire you to help build theirs.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
If you don't fail at least 90 percent of the time, you're not aiming high enough.
If you don't feel as close to God today as you did yesterday, who moved?
If you don't find what you want in the Index, look very carefully through the entire catalogue.
If you don't give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.
If you don't give up, you still have a chance.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
If you dont have any shadows you're not in the light
if you don't have peace, it isn't because someone took it from you; you gave it away. You cannot always control what happens to you, but you can control what happens in you.
If you don't have the time to do something right, where are you going to find the time to fix it?
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?
If you don't know who you truly are, you'll never know what you really want.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
If you don't look. You can't see.
If you don't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else?
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uniformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.
If you don't set goals, you can't regret not reaching them.
If you don't stand for something, you will fall for anything.
If you don't tell yourself the truth you'll always be a liar.
if you don't underestimate me, I won't underestimate you.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it.
If you don't want a generation of robots, fund the arts!
If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides to a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none. Let him forget there is such a thing as war. If the government is inefficient, top-heavy, and tax-mad, better it be all those than that people worry over it. Peace, Montag. Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to more popular songs or the names of state capitals or how much corn Iowa grew last year. Cram them full of noncombustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they'll feel they're thinking, they'll get a
If you don't want anyone to know about your existence, you might as well kill yourself. You're taking up space, air.
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
If you eat fish, I'm sure someone will want to pick a bone with you.
If you enter this world knowing you are loved and you leave this world knowing the same, then everything that happens in between can be dealt with.
If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, leave.
If you feel far from God, guess who moved?
If you feel that you don't belong, you don't know God, because with God everyone and everything belongs.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.
If you find something very difficult to achieve yourself, don't imagine it impossible-for anything possible and proper for another person can be achieved as easily by you.
If you focus on results you'll never change. If you focus on change, you'll get results.
If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it  teach yourself to be impatient.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient.
If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through.
If you give him a penny for his thoughts, you'd get change.
If you give people tools, and they use their natural abilities and their curiosity, they will develop things in ways that will surprise you very much beyond what you might have expected.
If you give up what you want most for what you think you should want more, you'll end up miserable.
If you go to Singapore or Amsterdam or Seoul or Buenos Aires or Islamabad or Johannesburg or Tampa or Istanbul or Kyoto, you'll find that the people differ wildly in the way they dress, in their marriage customs, in the holidays they observe, in their religious rituals, and so on, but they all expect the food to be under lock and key. It's all owned, and if you want some, you'll have to buy it.
If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.
If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost: that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.
If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go--whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success.
If you have no one to love, love an animal. You will get the best gift of life in return.
If you have not done things worthy of being written about, at least write things worthy of being read.
If you haven't said 'I love you' to someone today, do it. You won't always be happy, but you should try to be. Don't be too afraid of germs. Those people have no fun. Remember to look around sometimes. You might see something you haven't seen before or at the very least avoid being hit by a flying object. Speaking of flying objects, don't spend your life looking for extraterrestrial life, unless you work for NASA. Remember that you always have to cooperate with someone. Life is an endless negotiation. Play fair. Stay out of jail. Don't live in the past. Eat breakfast. It really is the most important meal of the day. Try to make new friends, even when you think you're too old to do that. ...And finally, remember this" 'Yes' is always a better work than 'no'. Unless, of course, someone has just asked you to commit a felony.
If you haven't the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you.
If you have reasons to love someone, you don't love them.
If you have the guts to be yourself, other people'll pay your price.
If you have to dry the dishes
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint', then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.
If you hear a voice within you say "you cannot paint," then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.
If you hear how wonderful you are often enough, you begin to believe it, no matter how you try to resist it.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
If you just sit and observe, you will see how restless your mind is. If you try to calm it, it only makes it worse, but over time it does calm, and when it does, there's room to hear more subtle things - that's when your intuition starts to blossom and you start to see things more clearly and be in the present more. Your mind just slows down, and you see a tremendous expanse in the moment. You see so much more than you could see before. It's a discipline; you have to practice it.
If you know how to be happy with the wonders of life that are already there for you to enjoy, you don't need to stress your mind and your body by striving harder and harder, and you don't need to stress this planet by purchasing more and more stuff. The Earth belongs to our children. We have already borrowed too much from it, from them; and the way things have been going, we're not sure we'll be able to give it back to them in decent shape. And who are our children, actually? They are us, because they are our own continuation. So we've been shortchanging our own selves. Much of our modern way of life is permeated by mindless overborrowing. The more we borrow, the more we loser. That's why it's critical that we wake up and see we don't need to do that anymore. What's already available in the here and now is plenty for us to be nourished, to be happy. Only that kind of insight will get us, each one of us, to stop engaging in the compulsive, self-sabotaging behaviors of our species. We need a collective awakening. One Buddha is not enough. All of us have to become Buddhas in order for our planet to have a chance. Fortunately, we have the power to wake up, to touch enlightenment from moment to moment, in our very own ordinary and, yes, busy lives. So let's start right now. Peace is your every breath.
If you know that I am an unbeliever, then you know me better than I do myself. I may be an unbeliever, but I am an unbeliever who has a nostalgia for a belief.
If you know the rules but aren't willing to follow them, there's either something wrong with the game or you need to change something in yourself.
If you know your goal and work for it you will reach the peak.
If you laugh - you change; and when you change - the world changes.
If you lend someone 20, and never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.
If you live in a past dream, you don't enjoy what is happening right now because you will always wish it to be different than it is. There is no time to miss anyone or anything because you are alive. Not enjoying what is happening right now is living in the past and being only half alive. This leads to self pity, suffering and tears.
If you live in love's shadow you will always crave love's light.
If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you'll be a better person. It's how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit.
If you live today, you breath in nihilism ... it's the gas you breathe. If I hadn't had the Church to fight it with or to tell me the necessity of fighting it, I would be the stinkingest logical positivist you ever saw right now.
If you look at a building by Mies van der Rohe, it might look very simple, but up close, the sheer quality of construction, materials and thought are inspirational.
If you look at the common denominator of all the comics who have had big success, it's being true to their nature... that's what takes a long time to learn.
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough.
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.
If you make a mess of this life, there's always the next one if you're willing to make the journey.
If you make a mistake and do not correct it, this is called a mistake.
If you make your own rules in life, rather than going by those laid down by others, you find that it becomes a lot more enjoyable.
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
If you need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first.
If you once forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem. It is true that you may fool all of the people some of the time; you can even fool some of the people all of the time; but you can't fool all of the people all of the time. -Speech at Clinton, Illinois, September 8, 1854.
If you place your head in a lion's mouth, then you cannot complain one day if he happens to bite it off.
If you put off everything till you're sure of it, you'll never get anything done.
If you quit ONCE it becomes a habit.Never quit!!!
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
If your desire is for good, the people will be good.
If your dream requires patience, give it.
If your dreams are to hard to achieve, just achieve
If your dreams seem to be drifting away, wake up!
If you're alive by the time that you read this, congratulations! You've just reached another milestone.
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
If you realize that you have enough, you are truly rich.
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time.
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.
If you're going through hell,
If you're going through hell keep going.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
If you're going to kick authority in the teeth, you might as well use two feet.
If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.
If you're horrible to me, I'm going to write a song about it, and you won't like it. That's how I operate.
If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.
If you remember nothing else, remember this: Inspiration from outside one's self is like the heat in an oven. It makes passable Bath buns. But inspiration from within is like a volcano: It changes the face of the world.
If you're not comfortable enough with yourself or with your own truth when entering a relationship, then you're not ready for that relationship.
If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.
If you're not happy in life then you need to change, calibrate, readjust...flush your negative energy and fill it with positive energy; How do we do that you might ask? well I would start by making others happy, deseases are not the only thing that spreads easy. We are all connected in some form of unseen energy... think how those around you will impact you and make you feel if they were happy?
If you're not making some notable mistakes along the way, you're certainly not taking enough business and career chances.
If you're not winning because you don't know the rules, learn the rules.
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on.
If you're reading this...
If you're really listening, if you're awake to the poignant beauty of the world, your heart breaks regularly. In fact, your heart is made to break; its purpose is to burst open again and again so that it can hold evermore wonders.
If you're serious about sanctification, you can expect to experience heart-wrenching moments that try your faith, your endurance, and your patience.
If you're trapped in the dream of the Other, you're fucked.
If you reveal your secrets to the wind,
If your feet are firmly planted on the ground you'll never be able to dance.
If your heart has a one way street, you had better get in touch with the planning division.
If your leg is in a cast, it's really dumb to sit in front of your computer doing unnecessary stuff with it hanging down. Your leg will swell and heal slower, if at all. When you go to your doctor, he/she will give you one of those "you're really dumb and self destructive" looks. Also, "Why didn't you follow my orders and rest?" Your doctor will be right, and so will mine at my next office visit. Elevate, folk! Elevate your mind, your soul, and your leg, in the order needed!
If your life is Christ, then your death will be only more of Christ, forever. If your life is only Christlessness, then your death will be only more Christlessness, forever. That's not fundamentalism, that's the law of non-contradiction.
If your life is worth thinking about,it is worth writing about.
If your treated like a puppet find a new ball of string
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success.
If you set yourself to it, you can live the same life, rich or poor. You can keep on with your books and your ideas. You just got to say to yourself, "I'm a free man in here" - he tapped his forehead - "and you're all right.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
If you start and persist you will succeed.
If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it.
If you strangle a smurf, what color does it turn?
If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it.
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
If you think fate is fickle, try tempting it
If you think life is magical or life is hard, either way you are right. Your thoughts are the source of reality.
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of mortgage payments.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
If you think you can do it, you can.
If you took the monsters' point of view, everything they did made perfect sense. The trick was learning to think like a monster.
If you try and don't succeed, cheat. Repeat until caught. Then lie.
If you turn to the right, you will marry, if to the left, you will be killed." A true philosopher never chooses the middle course; he needs no riches, he does not know what to do with money. But whether he turns to the right or to the left, nothing pleasant awaits him.
If you understand others you are smart.
If you use a philosophy education well, you can get your foot in the door of any industry you please. Industries are like the blossoms on a tree while philosophy is the trunk - it holds the tree together, but it often goes unnoticed.
If you've a notion of what man's heart is, wouldn't you say that maybe the whole effort of man on earth to build a civilization is simply man's frantic and frightened attempt to hide himself from himself? That there is a part of man that man wants to reject? That man wants to keep from knowing what he is? That he wants to protect himself from seeing that he is something awful? And that this 'awful' part of himself might not be as awful as he thinks, but he finds it too strange and he does not know what to do with it? We talk about what to do with the atom bomb...But man's heart, his spirit is the deadliest thing in creation. Are not all cultures and civilizations just screens which men have used to divide themselves, to put between that part of themselves which they are afraid of and that part of themselves which they wish, in their deep timidity, to try to preserve? Are not all of man's efforts at order an attempt to still man's fear of himself?
If you've got a talent, protect it.
If you've got the truth you can demonstrate it. Talking doesn't prove it.
If you wake up tired, you've been chasing dreams. If you go to bed tired, your making your dreams happen.
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.
If you want happiness for an hour take a nap. If you want happiness for a day, go fishing. If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else.
if you want it really, you get it !!!
If you want more effective programmers, you will discover that they should not waste their time debugging, they should not introduce the bugs to start with.
If you want someone to catch something, throw it at their nose.
If you want something you can have it, but only if you want everything that goes with it, including all the hard work and the despair, and only if you're willing to risk failure.
If you want the best the world has to offer, offer the world your best.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
If you want to achieve things in life, you've just got to do them, and if you're talented and smart, you'll succeed.
If you want to be a writer, you have to write every day... You don't go to a well once but daily. You don't skip a child's breakfast or forget to wake up in the morning...
If you want to be happy, be.
If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.
If you want to be successful, put yourself in a discomfort zone.
If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.
If you want to bring the world closer to peace, be a peacemaker by creating peace whenever you can. If you find yourself engaged in an argument that only stirs anger in the heart, quickly make peace and carry on.
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work, and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea.
If you want to catch beasts you don't see every day,
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
If you want to enjoy the goodness of life, you at least have to be a good person.
If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.
If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.
If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
If you want to make progress, put up with being perceived as ignorant or naive in worldly matters, don't aspire to a reputation for sagacity. If you do impress others as somebody, don't altogether believe it. You have to realize, it isn't easy to keep your will in agreement with nature, as well as externals. Caring about the one inevitably means you are going to shortchange the other.
If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
If you want to understand Bitcoin, read the original paper instead of other people's interpretations of it.
If you want to write a fantasy story with Norse gods, sentient robots, and telepathic dinosaurs, you can do just that. Want to throw in a vampire and a lesbian unicorn while you're at it? Go ahead. Nothing's off limits. But the endless possibility of the genre is a trap. It's easy to get distracted by the glittering props available to you and forget what you're supposed to be doing: telling a good story. Don't get me wrong, magic is cool. But a nervous mother singing to her child at night while something moves quietly through the dark outside her house? That's a story. Handled properly, it's more dramatic than any apocalypse or goblin army could ever be.
If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money.
If you win, you need not have to explain...If you lose, you should not be there to explain!
If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing.
If you wish to make Pythocles rich, do not add to his store of money, but subtract from his desires.
If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.
If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.
If you worry about what might be, and wonder what might have been, you will ignore what is.
If you would be a good reader, read; if a writer, write.
If you would be loved, love and be loveable.
If you would not be forgotten, as soon as you are dead and rotten, either write things worth reading, or do things worth writing.
If you write in the Old World, and against it, your work must die, go missing, be veiled, before it can live the life for which it was destined in the New World.
I gave myself permission to care, because there are a lot of people in this world who are afraid of caring, who are afraid of showing they care because it's uncool. It's uncool to have passion. It's so much easier to lose when you've shown everyone how much you don't care if you win or lose. It's much harder to lose when you show that you care, but you'll never win unless you also stand to lose. I've said it before. Don't be afraid of your passion, give it free reign, and be honest and work hard and it will all turn out just fine.
I get invited to many more literary festivals than I used to because I'm associated with 'Slumdog Millionaire,' the brand. Many more doors have opened up for me as a result of the global success of the film, although I believe that I'm the same person that existed before it.
I give myself a good cry if I need it. But then I concentrate on the good things still in my life. I don't allow myself any more self-pity than that. A little each every morning, a few tears, and that's all.
Ignorance isn't a sword. It's a weight that drags a soul swirling to the bottom of the sea.
Ignore all hatred and criticism. Live for what you create, and die protecting it.
Ignore a person kill the person.
Ignore previous cookie.
I grew up in a bookless house - my parents didn't read poetry, so if I hadn't had the chance to experience it at school I'd never have experienced it. But I loved English, and I was very lucky in that I had inspirational English teachers, Miss Scriven and Mr. Walker, and they liked us to learn poems by heart, which I found I loved doing.
I grew up in a very spiritual home in a Liberty City neighborhood of Miami, FL. I was raised in the church, and my mother was a very inspirational person in my life.
I grew up once, I decided never to do it again
I guess, when you're drunk, every woman looks beautiful and every language looks (like) a Lisp :)
I guess when you turn off the main road, you have to be prepared to see some funny houses.
I had always had a little problem looking out for myself in love. I was afraid people would leave me. So I sort of clung and did everything possible to keep someone around. I didn't have a hard talk with myself about who I was keeping around. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out. I clung to people like human life preservers. I thought i'd die if someone left me. Its ironic because now I'm the one who's leaving.
I had a microscopic eye for the blemish, for the grain of ugliness which to me constituted the sole beauty of the object.
I had an inspirational teacher at my junior school: Peter Nixon. He was enthusiastic, knowledgeable and slightly scary - a good combination for a teacher.
I had hoped when my life was chronicled, it would be an inspirational story.
I had to learn how to teach less, so that more could be learned.
I had to learn to live without you and I couldn't make sense of it, because I left so much of me inside of you.
I had to philosophize. Otherwise, I could not live in this world.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion'.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, "Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me.
I hate to be a failure. I hate and regret the failure of my marriages. I would gladly give all my millions for just one lasting marital success.
I hate to say it, but shit really does happen. You just have to get over it. Beat the hell out of it by doing things that make you happy.
I hate you."
I have a dream." "Is your dream very big?" "No." "Well is it very grand?" "Not either." "Neither?" "Neither." "What is it then?" "It is very shiny.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.
I have a dream that one day little black boys and girls will be holding hands with little white boys and girls.
I have a friend who's an artist and has sometimes taken a view which I don't agree with very well. He'll hold up a flower and say "look how beautiful it is," and I'll agree. Then he says "I as an artist can see how beautiful this is but you as a scientist take this all apart and it becomes a dull thing," and I think that he's kind of nutty. First of all, the beauty that he sees is available to other people and to me too, I believe. Although I may not be quite as refined aesthetically as he is ... I can appreciate the beauty of a flower. At the same time, I see much more about the flower than he sees. I could imagine the cells in there, the complicated actions inside, which also have a beauty. I mean it's not just beauty at this dimension, at one centimeter; there's also beauty at smaller dimensions, the inner structure, also the processes. The fact that the colors in the flower evolved in order to attract insects to pollinate it is interesting; it means that insects can see the color. It adds a question: does this aesthetic sense also exist in the lower forms? Why is it aesthetic? All kinds of interesting questions which the science knowledge only adds to the excitement, the mystery and the awe of a flower. It only adds. I don't understand how it subtracts.
I have already settled it for myself so flattery and criticism go down the same drain and I am quite free.
I have always been pushed by the negative. The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out. I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success.
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value.
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
I have always thought that all philosophical debates are ultimately between the partisans of structure and the partisans of "goo.
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives.
I have an idea of who I want to be, I have a vision of my own success.
I have a sadness within my happiness.
I have a self-made quote: Celebrate diversity, practice acceptance and may we all choose peaceful options to conflict.
I have a sickness doctors can't cure,
I have a simple philosophy: whenever possible, help those who need it the most.
I have a tendency to sabotage relationships; I have a tendency to sabotage everything. Fear of success, fear of failure, fear of being afraid. Useless, good-for-nothing thoughts.
I have been accused of a habit of changing my opinions. I am not myself in any degree ashamed of having changed my opinions. What physicist who was already active in 1900 would dream of boasting that his opinions had not changed during the last half century? In science men change their opinions when new knowledge becomes available; but philosophy in the minds of many is assimilated rather to theology than to science. The kind of philosophy that I value and have endeavoured to pursue is scientific, in the sense that there is some definite knowledge to be obtained and that new discoveries can make the admission of former error inevitable to any candid mind. For what I have said, whether early or late, I do not claim the kind of truth which theologians claim for their creeds. I claim only, at best, that the opinion expressed was a sensible one to hold at the time when it was expressed. I should be much surprised if subsequent research did not show that it needed to be modified. I hope, therefore, that whoever uses this dictionary will not suppose the remarks which it quotes to be intended as pontifical pronouncements, but only as the best I could do at the time towards the promotion of clear and accurate thinking. Clarity, above all, has been my aim.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
I have been up against tough competition all my life. I wouldn't know how to get along without it.
I have brought peace to this land, and security," he began.
I have come home at last! This is my real country! I belong here. This is the land I have been looking for all my life, though I never knew it till now...Come further up, come further in!
I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.
'I have done my best.' That is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
I have forgotten my umbrella.
I have frequently seen people become neurotic when they content themselves with inadequate or wrong answers to the questions of life. They seek position, marriage, reputation, outward success of money, and remain unhappy and neurotic even when they have attained what they were seeking. Such people are usually confined within too narrow a spiritual horizon. Their life has not sufficient content, sufficient meaning. If they are enabled to develop into more spacious personalities, the neurosis generally disappears.
I have given up anarchy. Too many rules - hating the government and all that stuff.
I have gone around observing your activities from the outside. Because of this I have also been able to see things to which you have been blind... Every morning you have gone to work, but you have never been fully awake. Of course, you have seen the sun and the moon, the stars in the sky, and everything that moves, but you haven't really seen it at all. It is different for the Joker, because he was put into this world with a flaw: He sees too clearly and too much.
I have gone from being a 21-year-old with wide eyes to a 24-year-old woman. With success comes a lot of responsibility and power.
I have had all of the disadvantages required for success.
I have had success throughout the years. Some of the hard rock bands today don't have the history that I have.
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear.
I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed.
I have learned, that the person I have to ask for forgiveness from the most is: myself. You must love yourself. You have to forgive yourself, everyday, whenever you remember a shortcoming, a flaw, you have to tell yourself "That's just fine". You have to forgive yourself so much, until you don't even see those things anymore. Because that's what love is like.
I have learned that you can go anywhere you want to go and do anything you want to do and buy all the things that you want to buy and meet all the people that you want to meet and learn all the things that you desire to learn and if you do all these things but are not madly in love: you have still not begun to live.
I have learned to be a friend to myself Great improvement this indeed Such a one can never be said to be alone for know that he who is a friend to himself is a friend to all mankind
I have learnt through bitter experience the one supreme lesson to conserve my anger, and as heat conserved is transmuted into energy, even so our anger controlled can be transmuted into a power which can move the world.
I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart.
I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand them.
I have met some highly intelligent believers, but history has no record to say that she knew or understood the mind of god. Yet this is precisely the qualification which the godly must claim--so modestly and so humbly--to possess. It is time to withdraw our 'respect' from such fantastic claims, all of them aimed at the exertion of power over other humans in the real and material world.
I have more love, success, and security than I could ever dream of.
I have never felt that anything really mattered but knowing that you stood for the things in which you believed and had done the very best you could.
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.
I have never seen or heard of such a fish. But I must kill him. I am glad we do not have to try to kill the stars." Imagine if each day a man must try to kill the moon, he thought. The moon runs away. . . . Then he was sorry for the great fish that had nothing to eat and his determination to kill him never relaxed in his sorrow for him. . . . There is no one worthy of eating him from the manner of his behavior and his great dignity. I do not understand these things, he thought. But it is good that we do not have to try to kill the sun or the moon or the stars. It is enough to live on the sea and kill our true brothers.
I have no desire for others to take it on themselves to analyze my thoughts. I am without thoughts. I have never, not even once, acted on the basis of any doctrine or philosophy.I am convinced that those people whom the world considers good and respects are all liars and fakes. I do not trust the world.
I have no greater desire than to taste your lips on mine.
I have no right to say or do anything that diminishes a man in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him but what he thinks of himself. Hurting a man in his dignity is a crime.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
I have nothing to give away except my love and my ideas.
I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britain's success - so for me there's no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation.
I have seen sights and travelled in countries you cannot imagine. I have been afraid and I have been in danger, and I have never for one moment thought that I would throw myself at at a man for his help.
I have seen what a laugh can do. It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful.
I have something that I call my Golden Rule. It goes something like this: 'Do unto others twenty-five percent better than you expect them to do unto you.' ... The twenty-five percent is for error.
I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.
I held my heart back from positively accepting anything, since I was afraid of another fall, and in this condition of suspense I was being all the more killed.
I hold strongly to this: that it is better to be impetuous than circumspect; because fortune is a woman and if she is to be submissive it is necessary to beat and coerce her.
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
I hope it is not necessary for me to stress the platonic nature of our relationship- not platonic in the purest sense, there was no philosophical discourse, but we certainly didn't fuck, which is usually what people mean by platonic; which I bet would really piss Plato off, that for all his thinking and chatting his name has become an adjective for describing sexless trysts.
I hope she'll be a fool -- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.
I hope that at the end of the seven years, people will say that I have been of some inspirational value to them at home in terms of inclusiveness and abroad, I look forward to representing Ireland.
I imagine that the intelligent people are the ones so intelligent that they don't even need or want to look 'intelligent' anymore.
I invented the term Object-Oriented, and I can tell you I did not have C++ in mind.
I just don't live life.
I just hope I remember to tell my kids that they are as happy as I look in my old photographs. And I hope that they believe me.
I just want you to know that you're very special... and the only reason I'm telling you is that I don't know if anyone else ever has.
I keep thinking about a tale my nurse used to read to me about a bird whose wings are pinned to the ground. In the end, when he finally frees himself, he flies so high he becomes a star. My nurse said the story was about how we all have something that keeps us down.
I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.
Ik kwam er achter dat ik er mijn hele leven heus niet naar had verlang om te leven - als wat anderen doen tenminste leven genoemd kan worden - maar wel om mezelf te kunnen uitdrukken.
I knew all the rules but the rules did not know me.
I knew a man who gave twenty years of his life to a scatterbrained woman, sacrificing everything to her, his friendships, his work, the very respectability of his life and who one evening recognized that he had never loved her. He had been bored, thats all, bored like most people. Hence he had made himself out of whole cloth a life full of complications and drama. Something must happen and that explains most human commitments. Something must happen even loveless slavery, even war or death.
I knew I was alone in a way that no earthling has ever been before.
I knew, regardless of anything else, singing in front of an orchestra was going to be inspirational. It would feed me.
I knew that if I failed I wouldn't regret that, but I knew the one thing I might regret is not trying.
I know because I read...Your mind is not a cage. It's a garden. And it requires cultivating.
I know how men in exile feed on dreams of hope.
I know in my heart that man is good, that what is right will always eventually triumph, and there is purpose and worth to each and every life.
I know it is hard for you young mothers to believe that almost before you can turn around the children will be gone and you will be alone with your husband. You had better be sure you are developing the kind of love and friendship that will be delightful and enduring. Let the children learn from your attitude that he is important. Encourage him. Be kind. It is a rough world, and he, like everyone else, is fighting to survive. Be cheerful. Don't be a whiner.
I know. It's all wrong. By rights we shouldn't even be here. But we are. It's like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger they were. And sometimes you didn't want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it's only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something, even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn't. They kept going, because they were holding on to something.
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.
I know of no single formula for success. But over the years I have observed that some attributes of leadership are universal and are often about finding ways of encouraging people to combine their efforts, their talents, their insights, their enthusiasm and their inspiration to work together.
I know that pain is the most important thing in the universes. Greater than survival, greater than love, greater even than the beauty it brings about. For without pain, there can be no pleasure. Without sadness, there can be no happiness. Without misery there can be no beauty. And without these, life is endless, hopeless, doomed and damned.
I know that the molecules in my body are traceable to phenomena in the cosmos. That makes me want to grab people on the street and say: 'Have you HEARD THIS?
I know that when I like music, when it touches my heart, that it will touch your heart, too. That, I think, is the secret to my success.
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!
I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true--hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it.
I learned a lot from the stories my uncle, aunts and grandparents told me: that no one is perfect but most people are good; that people can't be judged by their worst or weakest moments; that harsh judgements can make hypocrites of us all; that a lot of life is just showing up and hanging on; that laughter is often the best, and sometimes the only response to pain.
I learned pretty soon that it was essential to fail and be foolish.
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.
I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours..
I like Dancing of Indian girls more than my parents' prayers . Because they dance with love and passion . But my parents just say their prayers because they got used to it .
I liked things better when I didn't understand them.
I like legs that go all the way to the penthouse.
I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow, but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
I like motivational books, because I like the go-getting American spirit - your destiny is in your own hands, life is what you make it, don't accept your limitations, jump before you're pushed, leap before you look.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, And that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but it's motivational. I like old heavy metal when I'm outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me.
"I listened for the echo and I heard only praise."
I live my life in widening circles that reach out across the world.
I'll be back.
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
I'll have what she's having.
I'll miss this life and the people in it, but I've died before and I'll die again. That's just the way it goes.
I'll tell you, there is nothing better in life than being a late bloomer. I believe that success can happen at any time and at any age.
I'll think of it tomorrow, at Tara. I can stand it then. Tomorrow, I'll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day.
I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves.
I long for the slightest evidence of it that doesn't require me to relinquish reason, because a natural mystery and reason to face it make the happiest combination of all.
I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.
I look at all the colors around me, and I wonder, how many more are there that I don't know about.
I look at where I'm at today and realize that most of my success is owed to the mentors that was in my life.
I look forward to making tangible and inspirational contributions to the Houston Technology Center's initiatives. HTC is an engine behind Houston's and Texas' continued growth.
I look up to a strong woman; maybe that's why I fell for Gaga. She works incredibly hard and is very strong and inspirational like Mom, with a great work ethic.
I love a lot of the New York bands, but Patti Smith stands out. I just read 'Just Kids' and it's an inspirational, well-written account of an emerging New York artist in the late seventies.
I love inspirational R&B, like Mary J. Blige and Jennifer Hudson. I want to do that. That kind of music stays with you.
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
I love those who yearn for the impossible.
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.
I love what you did with the world.
I love what you did with your face. What do you call it?
I love what you did with your heart.
I love you as a guitar loves those playful nimble hands. Without your touch, the strings of my heart can't play the amazing songs of my life.
I love you, in my mind where my thoughts reside, in my heart where my emotions live, and in my soul where my dreams are born. I love you.
Il pessimismo radicale sconfina nell'ottimismo.
I'm a big believer in the power of inexperience. It was the greatest asset I had when I started TFA. If I had known at the outset how hard it was going to be, I might never have started.
I'm a bit of a P. T. Barnum. I make stars out of everyone.
I'm a computer nerd and I use data sheets on my bed. What do you use?
I made a resolve then that I was going to amount to something if I could. And no hours, nor amount of labor, nor amount of money would deter me from giving the best that there was in me. And I have done that ever since, and I win by it. I know.
I made art a philosophy, and philosophy an art: I altered the minds of men, and the colour of things: I awoke the imagination of my century so that it created myth and legend around me: I summed up all things in a phrase, all existence in an epigram: whatever I touched I made beautiful
I'm a designer, and I work very hard at that. People sometimes want to put down fashion by saying it's frivolous or superficial, but it's not that way at all. It's actually very hard work.
I'm a gay disabled man who has become very successful. I don't get up in the morning and think I'm inspirational; I just get up thinking that I love horses.
Imagination creates reality.
Imagination is cheap as long as you don't have to worry about the details.
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited to all we now know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire world, and all there ever will be to know and understand.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
Imagination is not, as some poets have thought, simply synonymous with good. It may be either good or evil. As long as art remained primarily mimetic, the evil which imagination could do was limited by nature. Again, as long as it was treated as an amusement, the evil which it could do was limited in scope. But in an age when the connection between imagination and figuration is beginning to be dimly realized, when the fact of the directionally creator relation is beginning to break through into consciousness, both the good and the evil latent in the working of imagination begin to appear unlimited. We have seen in the Romantic movement an instance of the way in which the making of images may react upon the collective representations. It is a fairly rudimentary instance, but even so it has already gone beyond the dreams and responses of a leisured few. The economic and social structure of Switzerland is noticeably affected by its tourist industry, and that is due only in part to increased facilities of travel. It is due not less to the condition that (whatever may be said about their 'particles') the mountains which twentieth-century man sees are not the mountains which eighteenth-century man saw.
Imagine if every thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them in the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining!
Imagine others complexly.
Imagine that you were on the threshold of this fairytale, sometime billions of years ago when everything was created. And you were able to choose whether you wanted to be born to a life on this planet at some point. You wouldn't know when you were going to be born, nor how long you'd live for, but at any event it wouldn't be more than a few years. All you'd know was that, if you chose to come into the world at some point, you'd also have to leave it again one day and go away from everything. This might cause you a good deal of grief, as lots of people think that life in the great fairytale is so wonderful that the mere thought of it ending can bring tears to their eyes. Things can be so nice here that it's terribly painful to think that at some point the days will run out. What would you have chosen, if there had been some higher power that had gave you the choice? Perhaps we can imagine some sort of cosmic fairy in this great, strange fairytale. What you have chosen to live a life on earth at some point, whether short or long, in a hundred thousand or a hundred million years? Or would you have refused to join in the game because you didn't like the rules? (...) I asked myself the same question maybe times during the past few weeks. Would I have elected to live a life on earth in the firm knowledge that I'd suddenly be torn away from it, and perhaps in the middle of intoxicating happiness? (...) Well, I wasn't sure what I would have chosen. (...) If I'd chosen never to the foot inside the great fairytale, I'd never have known what I've lost. Do you see what I'm getting at? Sometimes it's worse for us human beings to lose something dear to us than never to have had it at all.
Imagine Your Life Is Perfect In Every Respect; What Would It Look Like?
Imagining the future is a kind of nostalgia. (...) You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.
I'm a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
I'm a hateful sadist. I make everyone's day nice so that I can sit back and watch what happens.
I'm also just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her.
I'm always asked, 'What's the secret to success?' But there are no secrets. Be humble. Be hungry. And always be the hardest worker in the room.
I'm always happy to trade performance for readability as long as the former isn't already scarce.
I'm a motivational speaker.
I'm an addict, I'm addicted to success. Thankfully, there's no rehab for success.
I'm an adventurer, looking for treasure
I man is a prisoner of only his own mind.
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!
I may be compelled to face danger, but never fear it, and while our soldiers can stand and fight, I can stand and feed and nurse them.
I may not always be with you
I may not have a talent, but I am passionate.
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.
I'm beginning to think that maybe it's not just how much you love someone. Maybe what matters is who you are when you're with them.
I'm better than P. T. Barnum and Colonel Parker put together.
I'm bored' is a useless thing to say. I mean, you live in a great, big, vast world that you've seen none percent of. Even the inside of your own mind is endless; it goes on forever, inwardly, do you understand? The fact that you're alive is amazing, so you don't get to say 'I'm bored.
I'm different, and I have to be a warrior to be that way. But I have had some success; I hope I have touched the lives of some wonderful people, all by being what I see as myself but some others people see as different.
I mean, funny like I'm a clown? I amuse you?
I mean, if 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick and dirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your shoulders and say to yourself "Dijkstra would not have liked this", well, that would be enough immortality for me.
I mean really, how could an artistic individual stay grounded in the nitty-gritty of how many minutes per pound meat has to stay in the oven when trying to fathom the creative philosophy behind the greatest artistic minds of the world?
I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant's faithful one-hundred percent!
I'm extremely ambitious. I don't know why people are afraid to say that. I won't sell my soul to the devil, but I do want success and I don't think that's bad.
I'm feeling argumentative. Please contradict me.
I'm going to be a color terrorist. No color will be safe as long as I am armed with a paintbrush or spray can.
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse.
I'm going to paraphrase Thoreau here... rather than love, than money, than faith, than fame, than fairness... give me truth.
I'm going to write a book, continue acting, continue motivational speaking and just share with people who I am and what I've learned in my second chance of life and pass it on to people in their first chance of life.
I'm happy to be on a winning team. My individual success, that lasts for a short period of time. The success of being a part of the South, of Atlanta, which is now the hot bed of music, that's what's gonna last the longest. The fact that I contributed to planting our flag and moving music to my city, that's what I'm most proud of.
I'm having a deja vu experience, just like last time.
I'm having an old friend for dinner.
I'm here, and now, so are you.
I might have added, as it entered my mind to do, that some people found satisfaction in being. Being. Others in becoming. Being people have all the breaks. Becoming people are very unlucky, always in a tizzy. The Becoming people are always have to make explanations or offer justifications of the Being people. While the Being people provoke these explanations.
I'm intimidated by the fear of being average.
I mistrust all systematizers and I avoid them. The will to a system is a lack of integrity.
I'm just one stomach flu away from my goal weight.
I'm looking into my past lives. I'm convinced some of them still owe me money.
I'm lucky to be part of a team who help to make me look good, and they deserve as much of the credit for my success as I do for the hard work we have all put in on the training ground.
I'm more than ever of the opinion that a decent human existence is possible today only on the fringes of society, where one then runs the risk of starving or being stoned to death. In these circumstances, a sense of humor is a great help.
I'm not a defender of old or new football managers. I believe in good ones and bad ones, those that achieve success and those that don't.
I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person.
I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way.
I'm not frightened. I'm not frightened of anything. The more I suffer, the more I love. Danger will only increase my love. It will sharpen it, forgive its vice. I will be the only angel you need. You will leave life even more beautiful than you entered it. Heaven will take you back and look at you and say: Only one thing can make a soul complete and that thing is love.
I'm not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star.
I'm not going to get somewhere and say, 'OK, I'm done.' Success is never final; I'll just keep on going. The same way as failure never being fatal. Just keep going. I'm going to the stars and then past them.
I'm not going to limit myself just because people won't accept the fact that I can do something else.
I'm not happy on vacation. In those rare times when I have three hours with no work I have to do, I'm terribly uncomfortable.
I'm not here to impose Sharia law, and I'm not here to have a message about disability being inspirational - I'm here to make people laugh. But when I can layer things and make people not only laugh but question, make people not only laugh but be offended... I have to do that.
I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity; these things are found after this life, not in this life; but in this life I search to be completely human: to feel, to give, to take, to laugh, to get lost, to be found, to dance, to love and to lust, to be so human.
I'm not really easy to live with! There needs to be unlimited patience and unconditional love. Men I've known before loved my independent spirit and were proud of my success, to the point that they'd become jealous of the time I devote to my career.
I'm not saying I'm gonna change the world, but I guarantee that I will spark the brain that will change the world.
I'm not stupid. I just have a command of thoroughly useless information.
I'm not superstitious. I'm a witch. Witches aren't superstitious. We are what people are superstitious of.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.
impossible is not a word
Impossible things are really rough to do, you know.
Imprisoning philosophy within the professionalizations and specializations of an institutionalized curriculum, after the manner of our contemporary European and North American culture, is arguably a good deal more effective in neutralizing its effects than either religious censorship or political terror
I'm probably 20 percent atheist and 80 percent agnostic. I don't think anyone really knows. You'll either find out or not when you get there, until then there's no point thinking about it.
I'm starting with the man in the mirror,
I'm still craving approval from my parents. It took a lot of success for me to realize it was never coming. It's just not in their nature.
I'm sure I've been damaged by philosophy.
I'm the king of the world!
I'm the living embodiment of 'it could be worse'.
I'm thrilled to continue my partnership with U by Kotex for Generation Know while helping to empower girls. I've always been a motivational resource for my younger sisters and hope I can positively impact and inspire other young girls too.
I'm tired of eating broccoli and expecting it to taste like ice-cream.
I'm unpredictable, I never know where I'm going until I get there, I'm so random, I'm always growing, learning, changing, I'm never the same person twice. But one thing you can be sure of about me; is I will always do exactly what I want to do.
I'm used to adversity and working really well in difficult situations. It was hard for me to accept the success.
I must admit that I personally measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her or his fellow human beings.
I must be a mermaid, Rango. I have no fear of depths and a great fear of shallow living.
I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become what I will be.
I must say a word about fear. It is life's only true opponent. Only fear can defeat life. It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I know. It has no decency, respects no law or convention, shows no mercy. It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unnerving ease. It begins in your mind, always ... so you must fight hard to express it. You must fight hard to shine the light of words upon it. Because if you don't, if your fear becomes a wordless darkness that you avoid, perhaps even manage to forget, you open yourself to further attacks of fear because you never truly fought the opponent who defeated you.
I'm very fond of the British cinema. I'm a big fan of Martin Campbell and Daniel Craig. I actually find Daniel very inspirational, especially on the physical side of things. He really inspired me to get back into shape when I started to add on a few pounds. I think he's a great role model.
I'm very polite by nature, even the voices in my head let each other finish their sentences.
I'm walking here! I'm walking here!
In 20 years, you probably won't even remember this.
In a balanced organization, working towards a common objective, there is success.
In actual fact. The manifold sexualities - those which appear with the different ages (sexualities of the infant or the child), those which become fixated on particular tastes or practices (the sexuality of the invert, the gerontophile, the fetishist), those which, in a diffuse manner, invest relationships (the sexuality of doctor and patient, teacher and student, psychiatrist and mental patient), those which haunt spaces (the sexuality of the home, the school, the prison)- all form the correlate of exact procedures of power.
In actuality, California could be a wonderful place to live. In fact, if you're highly educated and ambitious, you can do quite well here while enjoying the sun and the fun. The only problem: California will then blame you for your success and recommend that all your cash be removed from you.
In affability there is no hatred of men, but precisely on that account a great deal too much contempt of men.
In all affairs it's a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted.
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.
In an average day, you may well be confronted with some species of bullying or bigotry, or some ill-phrased appeal to the general will, or some petty abuse of authority. If you have a political loyalty, you may be offered a shady reason for agreeing to a lie or a half-truth that serves some short-term purpose. Everybody devises tactics for getting through such moments; try behaving "as if" they need not be tolerated and are not inevitable.
In an earlier stage of our development most human groups held to a tribal ethic. Members of the tribe were protected, but people of other tribes could be robbed or killed as one pleased. Gradually the circle of protection expanded, but as recently as 150 years ago we did not include blacks. So African human beings could be captured, shipped to America, and sold. In Australia white settlers regarded Aborigines as a pest and hunted them down, much as kangaroos are hunted down today. Just as we have progressed beyond the blatantly racist ethic of the era of slavery and colonialism, so we must now progress beyond the speciesist ethic of the era of factory farming, of the use of animals as mere research tools, of whaling, seal hunting, kangaroo slaughter, and the destruction of wilderness. We must take the final step in expanding the circle of ethics. -
In any compromise between food and poison, it is only death that can win. In any compromise between good and evil, it is only evil that can profit.
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.
In any weather, at any hour of the day or night, I have been anxious to improve the nick of time, and notch it on my stick too; to stand on the meeting of two eternities, the past and the future, which is precisely the present moment; to toe that line. You will pardon some obscurities, for there are more secrets in my trade than in most men's, and yet not voluntarily kept, but inseparable from its very nature.
In a strong relationship, you should love your companion more than you need them.
In a traditional German toilet, the hole into which shit disappears after we flush is right at the front, so that shit is first laid out for us to sniff and inspect for traces of illness. In the typical French toilet, on the contrary, the hole is at the back, i.e. shit is supposed to disappear as quickly as possible. Finally, the American (Anglo-Saxon) toilet presents a synthesis, a mediation between these opposites: the toilet basin is full of water, so that the shit floats in it, visible, but not to be inspected. It is clear that none of these versions can be accounted for in purely utilitarian terms: each involves a certain ideological perception of how the subject should relate to excrement. Hegel was among the first to see in the geographical triad of Germany, France and England an expression of three different existential attitudes: reflective thoroughness (German), revolutionary hastiness (French), utilitarian pragmatism (English). In political terms, this triad can be read as German conservatism, French revolutionary radicalism and English liberalism. The point about toilets is that they enable us not only to discern this triad in the most intimate domain, but also to identify its underlying mechanism in the three different attitudes towards excremental excess: an ambiguous contemplative fascination; a wish to get rid of it as fast as possible; a pragmatic decision to treat it as ordinary and dispose of it in an appropriate way. It is easy for an academic at a round table to claim that we live in a post-ideological universe, but the moment he visits the lavatory after the heated discussion, he is again knee-deep in ideology.
In a world of chance is there a better and a worse? We yield to a stranger's embrace or give ourselves to the waves; for the blink of an eyelid our vigilance relaxes; we are asleep; and when we awake, we have lost the direction of our lives. What are these blinks of an eyelid, against which the only defence is an eternal and inhuman wakefulness? Might they not be the cracks and chinks through which another voice, other voices, speak in our lives? By what right do we close our ears to them? (Susan Barton)
In business, you can have one massive success that earns $50 million overnight, and that's it. You're successful. End of story. But in the music business, you have to keep on doing it.
In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.
Indeed, learning to write may be part of learning to read. For all I know, writing comes out of a superior devotion to reading.
Indeed, the more we find to love, the more we add to the measure of our hearts.
In definitiv, cu cat vei ridica un zid mai inalt in jurul tau cu atat va fi mai bun cel care-l va sari.
Independence is happiness.
individual. We are harmonious in the reality that we are all held to this earth by the same gravity. We don't share blood, but we share the air that keeps us alive. I will not blind myself and say that my black brother is not different from me. I will not blind myself and say that my brown sister is not different from me. But my black brother is he as much as I am me. But my brown sister is she as much as I am me.
Indomitable perseverance in a business, properly understood, always ensures ultimate success.
Industry suffers from the managerial dogma that for the sake of stability and continuity, the company should be independent of the competence of individual employees. Hence industry rejects any methodological proposal that can be viewed as making intellectual demands on its work force. Since in the US the influence of industry is more pervasive than elsewhere, the above dogma hurts American computing science most. The moral of this sad part of the story is that as long as computing science is not allowed to save the computer industry, we had better see to it that the computer industry does not kill computing science.
In each human heart are a tiger, a pig, an ass and a nightingale. Diversity of character is due to their unequal activity.
I need just be a bayonet, a bayonet named Diving Punishment. I wish I'd been born a storm. Or a menace. Or a single grenade. No heart, no tears, just as a terrible gale'd have been good. If [by doing this] I become that, then so be it.
In essence I find that the foundation of modern conservatism is driven by a clinging to God in fear of the world, whereas the foundation of modern liberalism is a clinging to the world in fear of God; albeit, the true foundation should be one's clinging to God in fear of God.
In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
I never assumed I would have that commercial success, so it was a total surprise. And honestly, I never assumed that it would ever happen again.
I never could have achieved the success that I have without setting physical activity and health goals.
I never could read Foucault. I find philosophy tedious. All of my knowledge comes from reading novels and some history. I read Being and Nothingness and realized that I remembered absolutely nothing when I finished it. I used to go to the library every day and read every day for eight hours. I'd dropped out of high school and had to teach myself. I read Sartre without any background. I just forced myself and I learned nothing.
I never did give them hell. I just told the truth, and they thought it was hell.
I never dreamt of success. I worked for it.
I never expected any sort of success with 'Mockingbird'... I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement.
I never found beauty in longing for the impossible and never found the possible to be beyond my reach.
I never knew a man come to greatness or eminence who lay abed late in the morning.
I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
I never quite understood the question that says, is the glass half empty or half full? What's the difference? Eventually it'll end up empty and in the trash.
I never said it would be easy, I only said it would be worth it.
I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself
I never took a day off in my 20s. Not one.
I never wake up today with yesterday's problems.
I never want to change so much that people can't recognize me.
In every ancient religious and sacred text, faith is a verb; a thing to be demonstrated. It is in modern days that we have diluted faith from an act to a philosophy.
Inevitably it follows that anyone with an independent mind must become 'one who resists or opposes an authority or established convention': a
In fact, I wouldn't really call this a Gospel album, I call it more an inspirational album.
Infinitely more important than sharing one's material wealth is sharing the wealth of ourselves, our time and energy, our passion and commitment, and, above all, our love.
In football everything is complicated by the presence of the opposite team.
In friendship...we think we have chosen our peers. In reality a few years' difference in the dates of our births, a few more miles between certain houses, the choice of one university instead of another...the accident of a topic being raised or not raised at a first meeting--any of these chances might have kept us apart. But, for a Christian, there are, strictly speaking no chances. A secret master of ceremonies has been at work. Christ, who said to the disciples, "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you," can truly say to every group of Christian friends, "Ye have not chosen one another but I have chosen you for one another." The friendship is not a reward for our discriminating and good taste in finding one another out. It is the instrument by which God reveals to each of us the beauties of others.
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
In general, I try and distinguish between what one calls the Future and "l'avenir" [the 'to come]. The future is that which -- tomorrow, later, next century -- will be. There is a future which is predictable, programmed, scheduled, foreseeable. But there is a future, l'avenir (to come) which refers to someone who comes whose arrival is totally unexpected. For me, that is the real future. That which is totally unpredictable. The Other who comes without my being able to anticipate their arrival. So if there is a real future, beyond the other known future, it is l'avenir in that it is the coming of the Other when I am completely unable to foresee their arrival.
In God I trust; I will not be afraid. What can mortal man do to me?
In great matters men show themselves as they wish to be seen; in small matters, as they are.
In helping others, we shall help ourselves, for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us.
In hindsight, I slid into arrogance based upon past success.
In his suicide note, Kurt Cobain wrote, "It's better to burn out than to fade away." He was quoting a Neil Young song about Johnny Rotten of the Sex Pistols. When I was twenty-four, I interviewed John Lennon. I asked him about this sentiment, one that pervades rock and roll. He took strong, outraged exception to it. "It's better to fade away like an old soldier than to burn out, " he said. "I worship people who survive. I'll take the living and the healthy.
In inner-city, low-income communities of color, there's such a high correlation in terms of educational quality and success.
In intercourse with scholars and artists one readily makes mistakes of opposite kinds: in a remarkable scholar one not infrequently finds a mediocre man; and often, even in a mediocre artist, one finds a very remarkable man.
In life man commits himself and draws his own portrait, outside of which there is nothing. No doubt this thought may seem harsh to someone who has not made a success of his life. But on the other hand, it helps people to understand that reality alone counts, and that dreams, expectations and hopes only serve to define a man as a broken dream, aborted hopes, and futile expectations.
In life, people tend to wait for good things to come to them. And by waiting, they miss out. Usually, what you wish for doesn't fall in your lap; it falls somewhere nearby, and you have to recognize it, stand up, and put in the time and work it takes to get to it. This isn't because the universe is cruel. It's because the universe is smart. It has its own cat-string theory and knows we don't appreciate things that fall into our laps.
In life sometimes your neighbour drowns in the rains you prayed for"
In life, you need either inspiration or desperation.
In mathematics or physics, infinity is greater than one or two or any number countable. In how many ways can the world be destroyed based on ordered knowledge? You may be able to count this. But the truth is, you "really" don't know. These possibilities in your mind hold a set of unpredictable orders. One effect may be causative of another of another. It could be a culmination of effects you know as events where events are sets and subsets of potential possibilities.
In meetings philosophy might work,
In most things success depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.
In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved.
In my deepest wound I saw your glory, and it dazzled me.
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
In my forties, my optimism was boundless. I had really good health and tremendous success which allowed me to do anything I wanted.
In my haste to die, I really found out that I wanted to live.
In my heart's most secret place,
In my opinion, our health care system has failed when a doctor fails to treat an illness that is treatable.
In necessary things, unity; in disputed things, liberty; in all things, charity.
Inner peace is impossible without patience. Wisdom requires patience. Spiritual growth implies the mastery of patience. Patience allows the unfolding of destiny to proceed at its won unhurried pace.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
In numele si sub teroarea ei (plictiselii, n.m.) parasesc oamenii caminul si moartea agreabila legata de el si se avanta in lume, spre a muri undeva fara acoperis si fara lacrimi; adolescentii se gandesc la sinucideri in zile infinite de primavara, iar servitoarele fara amanti se lamenteaza duminicile, de parca inima lor e un cimitir in care mortii nu pot dormi.
I no longer agree to treat myself with disrespect. Every time a self-critical thought comes to mind, I will forgive the Judge and follow this comment with words of praise, self-acceptance, and love.
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself.
In one way, I suppose, I have been "in denial" for some time, knowingly burning the candle at both ends and finding that it often gives a lovely light. But for precisely that reason, I can't see myself smiting my brow with shock or hear myself whining about how it's all so unfair: I have been taunting the Reaper into taking a free scythe in my direction and have now succumbed to something so predictable and banal that it bores even me.
In order that people may be happy in their work, these three things are needed: They must be fit for it. They must not do too much of it. And they must have a sense of success in it.
In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd.
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.
In order to discover new lands, one must be willing to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
In order to know who you are you need to know God is.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
In order to succeed you must fail so that you know what not to do the next time.
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
In order to understand what another person is saying, you must assume that it is true and try to find out what it could be true of.
In order to write the book you want to write, in the end you have to become the person you need to become to write that book.
In our country religion is not different from philosophy and religion
In our own wild nature we find the best recreation from our un-nature, from our spirituality.
In our world," said Eustace, "a star is a huge ball of flaming gas."
In particular those who are condemned to stagnation are often pronounced happy on the pretext that happiness consists in being at rest. This notion we reject, for our perspective is that of existentialist ethics. Every subject plays his part as such specifically through exploits or projects that serve as a mode of transcendence; he achieves liberty only through a continual reaching out towards other liberties. There is no justification for present existence other than its expansion into an indefinitely open future. Every time transcendence falls back into immanence, stagnation, there is a degradation of existence into the 'en-sois' -- the brutish life of subjection to given conditions -- and of liberty into constraint and contingence. This downfall represents a moral fault if the subject consents to it; if it is inflicted upon him, it spells frustration and oppression. In both cases it is an absolute evil. Every individual concerned to justify his existence feels that his existence involves an undefined need to transcend himself, to engage in freely chosen projects.
In philosophy class I think we finally decided that 'good' is an infinitely recursive term - it can't be defined except in terms of itself. Good is good because it's better than bad, though why it's better to be good than bad depends on how you define good, and on and on.
In philosophy it is always good to put a question instead of an answer to a question. For an answer to the philosophical question may easily be unfair; disposing of it by means of another question is not.
In politics, the pen is at its heaviest because it is weighed down by the collective responsibility it holds towards its people and their future in the eyes of the world.
In politics we presume that everyone who knows how to get votes knows how to administer a city or a state. When we are ill... we do not ask for the handsomest physician, or the most eloquent one.
In practice people who study philosophy too long become very odd birds, not to say thoroughly vicious; while even those who are the best of them are reduced by...[philosophy] to complete uselessness as members of society.
In praise there is more obtrusiveness than in blame.
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
In presence of the Moon nobody sees stars.
In reality there are no separate events. Life moves along like water, it's all connected to the source of the river is connected to the mouth and the ocean.
In recognizing the humanity of our fellow beings, we pay ourselves the highest tribute.
In revenge and in love woman is more barbarous than man.
Insanity in individuals is something rare--but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.
In school we learn that mistakes are bad, and we are punished for making them. Yet, if you look at the way humans are designed to learn, we learn by making mistakes. We learn to walk by falling down. If we never fell down, we would never walk.
In seeking happiness for others, you find it for yourself.
In short, philosophical theories are largely the product of the hidden hand of the cognitive unconscious.
Inside, I've got a real purist desire and dream about the music. I like the idea of being able to carve out a kind of magical, colourful, artistic, inspirational life. And the reality just turns out to be quite different, working with the business to bring this thing you have created into the world.
In silence, I can hear your voice. In your absence, I can see your magnificence.
In silence man can most readily preserve his integrity.
In societies where modern conditions of production prevail, all of life presents itself as an immense accumulation of spectacles. Everything that was directly lived has moved away into a representation.
In so far as the culture industry arouses a feeling of well-being that the world is precisely in that order suggested by the culture industry, the substitute gratification which it prepares for human beings cheats them out of the same happiness which it deceitfully projects.
In some remote corner of the universe, poured out and glittering among innumerable solar systems, there once was a star on which clever animals invented knowledge.
In some remote corner of the universe, poured out and glittering in innumerable solar systems, there once was a star on which clever animals invented knowledge. That was the haughtiest and most mendacious minute of "world history"- yet only a minute. After nature had drawn a few breaths the star grew cold, and the clever animals had to die.
Inspirational leaders need to have a winning mentality in order to inspire respect. It is hard to trust in the leadership of someone who is half-hearted about their purpose, or only sporadic in focus or enthusiasm.
Inspiration comes of working every day.
Inspiration does exist but it must find you working.
Inspiration may be a form of super-consciousness, or
In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. I simply can't build up my hopes on a foundation consisting of confusion, misery and death.
In sports teams, apart from talk of sporting prowess and the imparting of inspirational thought, an extraordinary amount of time is spent discussing, and flaunting, material possessions.
Instead of committing suicide, people go to work.
Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.
Instead of complaining that the rose bush is full of thorns, be happy the thorn bush has roses.
Instead of cursing the darkness, light a candle.
Instead of this confusion, we need the unifying force of an official language, English, which is the language of success in America.
Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
Instinct is a makeshift, an admission of helplessness before the problem of reality.
Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, and doing as you say you would do.
Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.
Integrity is doing what is right. Ethics is doing what is right for a society. The philosophy of ethics is very interesting and unsettling. Ethics often depends on societal beliefs, religious beliefs, personal beliefs, personal emotions, and the laws of a country. Honor killings are ethical in some societies even though they are considered evil acts for a civilized society. We should promote what is right for your conscience and for universal human rights. We can create a universal ethical stand point.
Integrity is so perishable in the summer months of success.
Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people.
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.
Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.
In terms of energy, it's better to make a wrong choice than none at all.
In the background of all their personal vanity, women themselves have still their impersonal scorn--for "woman".
In the battle that is philosophy all the techniques of war, including looting and camouflage, are permissible.
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert's there are few
In the deepest hour of the night, confess to yourself that you would die if you were forbidden to write. And look deep into your heart where it spreads its roots, the answer, and ask yourself, must I write?
In the deep-freezing winter, let us sing heart touching songs of love to invite the blooming spring and amazing summer. Wishing you a warm-loving winter morning!
In the eighteenth century, philosophers considered the whole of human knowledge, including science, to be their field and discussed questions such as: Did the universe have a beginning? However, in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, science became too technical and mathematical for the philosophers, or anyone else except a few specialists. Philosophers reduced the scope of their inquiries so much that Wittgenstein, the most famous philosopher of this century, said, "The sole remaining task for philosophy is the analysis of language." What a comedown from the great tradition of philosophy from Aristotle to Kant!
In the end
In the end, everything is a gag.
In the end, it is our defiance that redeems us. If wolves had a religion -- if there was a religion of the wolf -- that it is what it would tell us.
In the end, just three things matter:
In the end mortals always expired before faeries. They were such finite creatures. Their first heartbeat and breath were but a blink from death. To add the weight of nourishing his insatiable court in a time of peace was to hasten that unconscionably.
IN THE END... We only regret the chances we didn't take, the relationships we were afraid to have,and the decisions we waited too long to make.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
In the end you can't always choose what to keep. You can only choose how you let it go.
In the end, you feel that your much-vaunted, inexhaustible fantasy is growing tired, debilitated, exhausted, because you're bound to grow out of your old ideals; they're smashed to splinters and turn to dust, and if you have no other life, you have no choice but to keep rebuilding your dreams from the splinters and dust. But the heart longs for something different! And it is vain to dig in the ashes of your old fancies, trying to find even a tiny spark to fan into a new flame that will warm the chilled heart and bring back to life everything that can send the blood rushing wildly through the body, fill the eyes with tears--everything that can delude you so well!
In the end, you have to choose whether or not to trust someone.
In the end, you make your reputation and you have your success based upon credibility and being able to provide people who are really hungry for information what they want.
In the end you should always do the right thing even if it's hard.
In the external scheme of things, shining moments are as brief as the twinkling of an eye, yet such twinklings are what eternity is made of -- moments when we human beings can say "I love you," "I'm proud of you," "I forgive you," "I'm grateful for you." That's what eternity is made of: invisible imperishable good stuff.
In the eyes of all true women science is hostile to the sense of shame. They feel as if one wished to peep under their skin with it--or worse still! under their dress and finery.
In the final analysis it is between you and God, it was never between you and them anyway.
In the first six to twelve months of a war with the United States and Great Britain I will run wild and win victory upon victory. But then, if the war continues after that, I have no expectation of success.
In the good old days physicists repeated each other's experiments, just to be sure. Today they stick to FORTRAN, so that they can share each other's programs, bugs included.
In the high country of the mind one has to become adjusted to the thinner air of uncertainty...
In the hour of adversity, be not without hope; for crystal rain falls from black clouds.
In the Kamigata area, they have a sort of tiered lunchbox they use for a single day when flower viewing. Upon returning, they throw them away, trampling them underfoot. The end is important in all things.
In the letter he left for the coroner he had explained his reasoning (for suicide): that life is a gift bestowed without anyone asking for it; that the thinking person has a philosophical duty to examine both the nature of life and the conditions it comes with; and that if this person decides to renounce the gift no one asks for, it is the moral and human duty to act on the consequences of that decision. ... Alex showed me a clipping from the
In the liquid amber within the ivory porcelain, the initiated may touch the sweet reticence of Confucius, the piquancy of Laotse, and the ethereal aroma of Sakyamuni himself.
In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.
In the mist of Difficulty lies Opportunity.
In the morning I bathe my intellect in the stupendous and cosmogonal philosophy of the Bhagvat Geeta, since whose composition years of the gods have elapsed, and in comparison with which our modern world and its literature seem puny and trivial; and I doubt if that philosophy is not to be referred to a previous state of existence, so remote is its sublimity from our conceptions. I lay down the book and go to my well for water, and lo! there I meet the servant of the Bramin, priest of Brahma and Vishnu and Indra, who still sits in his temple on the Ganges reading the Vedas, or dwells at the root of a tree with his crust and water jug. I meet his servant come to draw water for his master, and our buckets as it were grate together in the same well. The pure Walden water is mingled with the sacred water of the Ganges.
In the most general terms, the Enlightenment goes back to Plato's belief that truth and beauty and goodness are connected; that truth and beauty, disseminated widely, will sooner or later lead to goodness. (While we're making at effort at truth and goodness, beauty reminds us what we're hold out for.)
In the name of Bacon will you chicken me up that egg.
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.
In the name of the best within you, do not sacrifice this world to those who are at its worst. In the name of the values that keep you alive, do not let your vision of people be distorted by the ugly, the cowardly, the mindless in those who have never achieved integrity. Do not lose your knowledge that our proper estate is an upright posture,
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
In theory, there's no difference between theory and practice. But in practice, there is.
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
In the pragmatist, streetwise climate of advanced postmodern capitalism, with its scepticism of big pictures and grand narratives, its hard-nosed disenchantment with the metaphysical, 'life' is one among a whole series of discredited totalities. We are invited to think small rather than big -- ironically, at just the point when some of those out to destroy Western civilization are doing exactly the opposite. In the conflict between Western capitalism and radical Islam, a paucity of belief squares up to an excess of it. The West finds itself faced with a full-blooded metaphysical onslaught at just the historical point that it has, so to speak, philosophically disarmed. As far as belief goes, postmodernism prefers to travel light: it has beliefs, to be sure, but it does not have faith.
In the process of burning out these confusions, we discover enlightenment. If the process were otherwise, the awakened state of mind would be a product dependent upon cause and effect and therefore liable to dissolution. Anything which is created must, sooner or later, die. If enlightenment were created in such a way, there would always be a possibility of ego reasserting itself, causing a return to the confused state. Enlightenment is permanent because we have not produced it; we have merely discovered it.
In the progress of politics, as in the common occurrences of life, we are not only apt to forget the ground we have travelled over, but frequently neglect to gather up experience as we go. We expend, if I may so say, the knowledge of every day on the circumstances that produce it, and journey on in search of new matter and new refinements: but as it is pleasant and sometimes useful to look back, even to the first periods of infancy, and trace the turns and windings through which we have passed, so we may likewise derive many advantages by halting a while in our political career, and taking a review of the wondrous complicated labyrinth of little more than yesterday.
In the summer, we write life's summary with the slow waves of love flowing over the sandy beach. The slow breeze and the warm sun write our memories.
In the United States, I am a great success, but I am not a celebrity.
In the United States there's a Puritan ethic and a mythology of success. He who is successful is good. In Latin countries, in Catholic countries, a successful person is a sinner.
In the world of art, all things are possible.--George from Paradise Kiss
In this age, the mere example of non-conformity, the mere refusal to bend the knee to custom, is itself a service. Precisely because the tyranny of opinion is such as to make eccentricity a reproach, it is desirable, in order to break through that tyranny, that people should be eccentric. Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character has abounded; and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and moral courage which it contained. That so few now dare to be eccentric, marks the chief danger of the time.
in this case, a mother, noted for her beauty, might be reduced to a purple shadow... (Tansley to Lily on her painting of the house
In this country we have no place for hyphenated Americans.
In this sad world of ours sorrow comes to all and it often comes with bitter agony. Perfect relief is not possible except with time. You cannot now believe that you will ever feel better. But this is not true. You are sure to be happy again. Knowing this, truly believing it will make you less miserable now. I have had enough experience to make this statement.
In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers.
In truth, Freud sees nothing and understands nothing.
In union there is strength.
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.
In weariness, existence is like the reminder of a commitment to exist, with all the seriousness and harshness of an irrevocable contract. One has to do something, one has to aspire after and undertake In weariness we want to escape existence itself, and not only one of its landscapes in a longing for more beautiful skies. An evasion without an itinerary and without an end, it is not trying to come ashore somewhere.
In your own life it's important to know how spectacular you are.
I offer you peace. I offer you love. I offer you friendship. I see your beauty. I hear your need. I feel your feelings.
I once had a mouse model, but she turned out to be a real rat!
I once tried pyramid selling, but after I started to advertise the Egyptian government closed me down.
I only hope that we never lose sight of one thing -- that it was all started by a mouse.
I only know that I know nothing
I only seem negative to the fortunate. That's because I show the less fortunate that they aren't less fortunate after all.
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
I pray daily that more of my fellow programmers may find the means of freeing themselves from the curse of compatibility.
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.
I prefer for 'my world' to have the highest certification of being a faithful representation of the exterior world.
I prefer you to make mistakes in kindness than work miracles in unkindness.
I pretend not to be a champion of that same naked virtue called truth, to the very outrance. I can consent that her charms be hidden with a veil, were it but for decency's sake.
I pull a lot of the stuff that I play off the rhythm tracks - and Keith Richards has been one of the main contributors to my inspirational playing.
I read somewhere... how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong, but to feel strong... to measure yourself at least once.
I realise that I do not change the course of history. I am an actor, I do a movie, that's the end of it. You have to realise we are just clowns for hire. After I had success it was great, at first, not to worry about money. It was on my mind when I was growing up.
I realized I love motivating and I love empowering and I love inspiring people. I did that as an athlete for 18 years, and I am able to do that as a motivational speaker now as well as doing work on television.
I realized it for the first time in my life: there is nothing but mystery in the world, how it hides behind the fabric of our poor, browbeat days, shining brightly, and we don't even know it.
I realized that conservatism was the philosophy that best suited me, with its emphasis on individual liberty, personal responsibility, and merit.
I realized then that even though I was a tiny speck in an infinite cosmos, a blip on the timeline of eternity, I was not without purpose.
I realize that life is risks. It's acknowledging the past but looking forward. It's taking a chance that we will
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life.
I really think that it's disgusting that Paris is the only place where it is illegal for paps to follow you around. It actually took someone losing their life - Diana, an inspirational woman - and then it changed, but they still won't change it in London! It's horrible!
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent.
I refuse to let the standards of evil people chip away at my capacity for integrity.
I remembered the fox. One runs the risk of crying a bit if one allows oneself to be tamed.
I remember growing up, saying you're an artist it sounds pretentious but now it's one of the only dignified things that you can call yourself.
I remember one day sitting at the pool and suddenly the tears were streaming down my cheeks. Why was I so unhappy? I had success. I had security. But it wasn't enough. I was exploding inside.
I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything. So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening.
Irrational expectations are at the root of most human suffering.
Irreverence is a most necessary ingredient of religion. Not to speak of its importance in philosophy. Irreverence is the only way left to us for testing our universe.
I said to my soul, be still and wait without hope, for hope would be hope for the wrong thing; wait without love, for love would be love of the wrong thing; there is yet faith, but the faith and the love are all in the waiting. Wait without thought, for you are not ready for thought: So the darkness shall be the light, and the stillness the dancing.
I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed.
I saw a lot of people have success handed to them that then exploited it. They didn't protect it or cherish it.
I say that the most liberating thing about beauty is realizing that you are the beholder.
Is beauty enhanced or adulterated by utility?
I scream in silence because my voice has lost the power to be heard!
I see dead people.
I see things in windows and I say to myself that I want them. I want them because I want to belong. I want to be liked by more people, I want to be held in higher regard than others. I want to feel valued, so I say to myself to watch certain shows. I watch certain shows on the television so I can participate in dialogues and conversations and debates with people who want the same things I want. I want to dress a certain way so certain groups of people are forced to be attracted to me. I want to do my hair a certain way with certain styling products and particular combs and methods so that I can fit in with the In-Crowd. I want to spend hours upon hours at the gym, stuffing my body with what scientists are calling 'superfoods', so that I can be loved and envied by everyone around me. I want to become an icon on someone's mantle. I want to work meaningless jobs so that I can fill my wallet and parentally-advised bank accounts with monetary potential. I want to believe what's on the news so that I can feel normal along with the rest of forever. I want to listen to the Top Ten on Q102, and roll my windows down so others can hear it and see that I am listening to it, and enjoying it. I want to go to church every Sunday, and pray every other day. I want to believe that what I do is for the promise of a peaceful afterlife. I want rewards for my 'good' deeds. I want acknowledgment and praise. And I want people to know that I put out that fire. I want people to know that I support the war effort. I want people to know that I volunteer to save lives. I want to be seen and heard and pointed at with love. I want to read my name in the history books during a future full of clones exactly like me.
Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', 'boring' or 'cruel'? Not to me.
I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings.
I shiver, thinking how easy it is to be totally wrong about people-to see one tiny part of them and confuse it for the whole, to see the cause and think it's the effect or vice versa
I should attempt to treat human vice and folly geometrically... the passions of hatred, anger, envy, and so on, considered in themselves, follow from the necessity and efficacy of nature... I shall, therefore, treat the nature and strength of the emotion in exactly the same manner, as though I were concerned with lines, planes, and solids.
I should go so far as to say that embedded in the surrealistic frame of a television news show is a theory of anticommunication, featuring a type of discourse that abandons logic, reason, sequence and rules of contradiction. In aesthetics, I believe the name given to this theory is Dadaism; in philosophy, nihilism; in psychiatry, schizophrenia. In the parlance of the theater, it is known as vaudeville.
I shrug, trapped. I don't want to lose him. In spite of all his demands, his need to control, his scary vices. I have never felt as alive as I do now. It's a thrill to be sitting here beside him. He's so unpredictable, sexy, smart, and funny. But his
I shut my eyes in order to see.
Is it better to be loved or feared?
Is it better to go with the flow or let the flow go?
Is it better to work out consciously and critically one's own conception of the world and thus, in connection with the labours of one's own brain, choose one's sphere of activity, take an active part in the creation of the history of the world, be one's own guide, refusing to accept passively and supinely from outside the moulding of one' own personality?
Is it easy? Usually not. But you don't forgive people for their benefit. You do it for your benefit.
Is it possible for a man to move the earth? Yes; but he must first find out another earth to stand upon.
Is it possible, in the final analysis, for one human being to achieve perfect understanding of another?
... is it truly possible to steal a life, if... the Self is eternal and cannot die? Should this be so, then one who 'murders' does no more than transgress against the will of another, whose choice it is to live. At bottom, a murderer offends not against the body, but against the spirit.
Islam deals not only with what man must and must not do, but also with what he needs to know. In other words, Islam is both a way of acting and doing things and a way of knowing.
Is life too short to be taking this shit, or is life too short to be minding it?
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
Isn't the zipper on your pants supposed to be in the front?
Isn't wine prohibited here?" the boy asked. "It's not what enters men's mouths that's evil," said the alchemist. "It's what comes out of their mouths that is.
I sort of understood that when I first started: that you shouldn't repeat a success. Very often you're going to, and maybe the first time you do, it works. And you love it. But then you're trapped.
I sought to hear the voice of God and climbed the topmost steeple, but God declared: "Go down again - I dwell among the people.
I speak gibberish to the civilized world and it replies in kind.
Israel was not created in order to disappear - Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom.
I started doing motivational tours. I've seen all kinds of people, from the CEOs to the lowest executive, opening up to their fears. We don't introspect as much as we should.
I started my life with a single absolute: that the world was mine to shape in the image of my highest values and never to be given up to a lesser standard, no matter how long or hard the struggle.
I started studying law, but this I could stand just for one semester. I couldn't stand more. Then I studied languages and literature for two years. After two years I passed an examination with the result I have a teaching certificate for Latin and Hungarian for the lower classes of the gymnasium, for kids from 10 to 14. I never made use of this teaching certificate. And then I came to philosophy, physics, and mathematics. In fact, I came to mathematics indirectly. I was really more interested in physics and philosophy and thought about those. It is a little shortened but not quite wrong to say: I thought I am not good enough for physics and I am too good for philosophy. Mathematics is in between.
Is there any knowledge in the world which is so certain that no reasonable man could doubt it?
Is there any real purpose in being alive if all we are going to do is get up every day and live only for ourselves?
I stopped believing in Santa Claus at age six when my mother took me to see him in a store and he asked for my autograph.
I strive for perfection - I settle for satisfaction
I suppose therefore that all things I see are illusions; I believe that nothing has ever existed of everything my lying memory tells me. I think I have no senses. I believe that body, shape, extension, motion, location are functions. What is there then that can be taken as true? Perhaps only this one thing, that nothing at all is certain.
I suppose we'll never know what really happened in that room, though he did tell police, "I did it because I'm a dirty dog." This is not a very convincing alibi. He may as well have said, "I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one.
I suppose your security is your success and your key to success is your fine palate.
I surround myself with things that make me happy. Why? Because ... it makes me happy.
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.
I sustain myself with the love of family.
It ain't about how hard you can hit. Its about how hard you can get hit, and how much you can take, and keep moving forward.
It ain't no broken.
I take great pride in all the tremendous success we've enjoyed at CBS. And the good news is that I feel even more enthusiastic about what my terrific team and I will accomplish going forward.
I Take Life Very Seriously: One Joke At A Time.
I take no pride in hopeless longing; I wouldn't hold a stillborn aspiration. I'd want to have it, to make it, to live it.
It always helps to think about other people instead of ourselves.
It always seems impossible until it is done.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
It always seems impossible until its done.
It always takes two. For relationships to work, for them to break apart, for them to be fixed.
It comes as no surprise to find [Norman] Mailer embracing [in the book
It did not really matter what we expected from life, but rather what life expected from us. We needed to stop asking about the meaning of life, and instead to think of ourselves as those who were being questioned by life--daily and hourly. Our answer must consist, not in talk and meditation, but in right action and in right conduct. Life ultimately means taking the responsibility to find the right answer to its problems and to fulfill the tasks which it constantly sets for each individual.
It does not follow, because our ancestors made so many errors of fact and mixed them with their religion, that we should therefore leave off being religious at all. By being religious we establish ourselves in possession of ultimate reality at the only points at which reality is given us to guard. Our responsible concern is with our private destiny, after all.
It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,
It does not matter how long you live, but how well you do it.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
It doesn't interest me what you do for a living. I want to know what you ache for, and if you dare to dream of meeting your heart's longing.
It doesn't matter how far you might rise. At some point, you are bound to stumble.... If you're constantly pushing yourself higher...the law of averages, not to mention the Myth of Icarus, predicts that you will at some point fall. And when you do, I want you to know this, remember this: There is no such thing as failure. Failure is just life trying to move us in another direction.
It doesn't matter how many people you meet in your life; you just need the real ones who accept you for who you are and help you become who you should be.
It doesn't matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.
It doesn't matter how smart you are unless you stop and think.
It doesn't matter how you get there if you don't know where you're going.
It doesn't matter if a million people tell you what you can't do, or if ten million tell you no. If you get one yes from God that's all you need.
It doesn't matter if you try and try and try again, and fail. It does matter if you try and fail, and fail to try again.
It doesn't matter what we are. It matters what we do.
It doesn't matter what you do...so long as you change something from the way it was before you touched it into something that's like you after you take your hands away.
It doesn't matter whether you are pursuing success in business, sports, the arts, or life in general: The bridge between wishing and accomplishing is discipline.
It doesn't matter who you are, or where you come from, or how much money you've got in your pocket. You have your own destiny and your own life ahead of you.
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
It doesn't seem to me that this fantastically marvelous universe, this tremendous range of time and space and different kinds of animals, and all the different planets, and all these atoms with all their motions, and so on, all this complicated thing can merely be a stage so that God can watch human beings struggle for good and evil - which is the view that religion has. The stage is too big for the drama.
I tell you as well as myself: what we see with our own eyes is nothing other than a cloud concealing what we should perceive with our inner sight, while what we listen to with our ears is merely a ringing sound disturbing what we should understand with our hearts. When we see a man being taken to prion by a police officer let us not hasten to assume he is a wrong-doer. When we see a corpse, and a man standing beside it with bloodstained hands, let us not conclude that this is a victim and his assassin. When we hear one man singing and another lamenting, let us ascertain which one of the two is truly happy.
I tell you: one must still have chaos in one, to give birth to a dancing star. I tell you: you have still chaos in you.
It [feminism] is mixed up with a muddled idea that women are free when they serve their employers but slaves when they help their husbands.
It goes without saying that these effects do not suffice to annul the necessity for a "change of terrain." It also goes without saying that the choice between these two forms of deconstruction cannot be simple and unique. A new writing must weave and interlace these two motifs of deconstruction. Which amounts to saying that one must speak several languages and produce several texts at once. I would like to point out especially that the style of the first deconstruction is mostly that of the Heideggerian questions, and the other is mostly the one which dominates France today. I am purposely speaking in terms of a dominant style: because there are also breaks and changes of terrain in texts of the Heideggerian type; because the "change of terrain" is far from upsetting the entire French landscape to which I am referring; because what we need, perhaps, as Nietzsche said, is a change of "style"; and if there is style, Nietzsche reminded us, it must be plural.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
It had never occurred to me that our lives, which had been so closely interwoven, could unravel with such speed.
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly.
I think, aesthetically, car design is so interesting - the dashboards, the steering wheels, and the beauty of the mechanics. I don't know how any of it works, I don't want to know, but it's inspirational.
I think all of us certainly believed the statistics which said that probably 88% chance of mission success and maybe 96% chance of survival. And we were willing to take those odds.
I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.
I think anyone who has a passion for what they love to do, and who pursue it, is inspirational for me.
I think baking is very rewarding, and if you follow a good recipe, you will get success.
I think being a teenager is such a compelling time period in your life--it gives you some of your worst scars and some of your most exhilarating moments. It's a fascinating place; old enough to feel truly adult, old enough to make decisions that affect the rest of your life, old enough to fall in love, yet, at the same time too young (in most cases) to be free to make a lot of those decisions without someone else's approval.
I think being directed and mentored by someone as inspirational as Paul Feig not only improves my performance but, as a whole, makes it what it is.
I think 'Heroes of Cosplay' will show a lot of the positive things, like how much effort it takes to make a costume. These people on the show aren't taking shortcuts. As long as that effort gets through to the viewers, we will be inspirational. Then there will be people who watch the show that want to get in and hands-on make outfits.
I think I am, therefore, I am... I think.
I think I exist, therefore I exist. I think.
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.
I think in terms of evolutions, not revolutions. Failure is not part of my vocabulary.
I think it's much more interesting to live not knowing than to have answers which might be wrong. I have approximate answers and possible beliefs and different degrees of uncertainty about different things, but I am not absolutely sure of anything and there are many things I don't know anything about, such as whether it means anything to ask why we're here. I don't have to know an answer. I don't feel frightened not knowing things, by being lost in a mysterious universe without any purpose, which is the way it really is as far as I can tell.
I think it's real easy to be famous these days; it's not real easy to sustain success.
I think it's way harder when you have success, 'cause people tend to not treat you the same or look at you the same because they see the success or the money you make.
I think it was the institution...I was trying to master it.
I think joy and sweetness and affection are a spiritual path. We're here to know God, to love and serve God, and to be blown away by the beauty and miracle of nature. You just have to get rid of so much baggage to be light enough to dance, to sing, to play. You don't have time to carry grudges; you don't have time to cling to the need to be right.
I think of a hero as someone who understands the degree of responsibility that comes with his freedom.
I think of doing a series as very hard work. But then I've talked to coal miners, and that's really hard work.
I think one of the sweetest lessons taught by the Prophet, and yet one of the saddest, occurred close to the time of his death. He was required to leave his plan and vision of the Rocky Mountains and give himself up to face a court of supposed justice.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
I think Spain will always remain inspirational, and I think French cuisine will continue to be very French and yet very relevant with its time and keep evolving. But the last thing you want for it is to become too trendy and confusing. It has too much history.
I think that all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being sick and tired. I'm certainly not! But I'm sick and tired of being told that I am!
I think that I shall never see
I think that my biggest attribute to any success that I have had is hard work. There really is no substitute for working hard.
I think that one of these days," he said, "you're going to have to find out where you want to go. And then you've got to start going there. But immediately. You can't afford to lose a minute. Not you.
I think that's a great opportunity, to pick a script where you can build up a good skill. I think the main thing I look for when I look at scripts is if it's inspirational. If it's something that teenagers can relate to. And is it something that the audience is going to get something out of. If not, then it's really not worth doing.
I think that success is having fun.
I think that the best thing we can do for our children is to allow them to do things for themselves, allow them to be strong, allow them to experience life on their own terms, allow them to take the subway... let them be better people, let them believe more in themselves.
I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me.
I think that the task of philosophy is not to provide answers, but to show how the way we perceive a problem can be itself part of a problem.
I think that we are like stars. Something happens to burst us open; but when we burst open and think we are dying; we're actually turning into a supernova. And then when we look at ourselves again, we see that we're suddenly more beautiful than we ever were before!
I think that when we have a better educated society, when there is less violence in our cities, when people get back into the workforce and have the opportunity to take care of themselves and their families - that for me really is the kind of success and the kind of America that I think most of us still want, we aspire to.
I think the act of reading imbues the reader with a sensitivity toward the outside world that people who don't read can sometimes lack. I know it seems like a contradiction in terms; after all reading is such a solitary, internalizing act that it appears to represent a disengagement from day-to-day life. But reading, and particularly the reading of fiction, encourages us to view the world in new and challenging ways...It allows us to inhabit the consciousness of another which is a precursor to empathy, and empathy is, for me, one of the marks of a decent human being.
I think the biggest challenge is to continue on the same path. I think it's easy to become complacent from the success you've had.
I think the end goal, hopefully, is to take advantage of the attention I've gotten along the way and use it for good and build some communities, and as I get older I can continue to do things and be surrounded by things that are inspirational to me.
I think the internet is going to be one of the major forces for reducing the role of government. The one thing that's missing but that will soon be developed, is a reliable e-cash.
I think, therefore a single fertilized egg cell can replicate itself into trillions of specialized and exquisitely organized cells.
I think, therefore I'll think.
I think there is a song out there to describe just about any situation.
I think there is a world market for maybe five computers.
I think there's an awful lot of noise about the Church being persecuted but there is a more real issue that the conventional churches face - that the people who are really driving their revival and success believe in an old-time religion which, in my view, is incompatible with a modern, multi-ethnic, multicultural society.
I think there's a world market for about 5 computers.
I think the root of your mistake is saying that macros don't scale to larger groups. The real truth is that macros don't scale to stupider groups.
I think the success that I have is due to hard work and destiny. It is important to stay grounded and not take things for granted.
I think the thing about that was I was always willing to work; I was not the fastest or biggest player but I was determined to be the best football player I could be on the football field and I think I was able to accomplish that through hard work.
I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you're on it.
I think to think. Not to be thought-full, or to reach a point of wisdom or acquire a grace of knowledge. I think for the sensuality of thought.
I think true success is intrinsic... It's love. It's kindness. It's community.
I think us here to wonder, myself. To wonder. To ask. And that in wondering bout the big things and asking bout the big things, you learn about the little ones, almost by accident. But you never know nothing more about the big things than you start out with. The more I wonder, the more I love.
I think you can have 10,000 explanations for failure, but no good explanation for success.
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances.
I thought how lovely and how strange a river is. A river is a river, always there, and yet the water flowing through it is never the same water and is never still. It's always changing and is always on the move. And over time the river itself changes too. It widens and deepens as it rubs and scours, gnaws and kneads, eats and bores its way through the land. Even the greatest rivers- the Nile and the Ganges, the Yangtze and he Mississippi, the Amazon and the great grey-green greasy Limpopo all set about with fever trees-must have been no more than trickles and flickering streams before they grew into mighty rivers.
I thought 'Moulin Rouge' was inspirational, and 'Jesus Christ Superstar' I loved.
It is a bitter thought, how different a thing the Christianity of the world might have been, if the Christian faith had been adopted as the religion of the empire under the auspices of Marcus Aurelius instead of those of Constantine.
It is a blessed thing that in every age someone has had the individuality enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions.
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
It is a curious thing that God learned Greek when he wished to turn author--and that he did not learn it better.
it is all very well for you to write simply and the simpler the better. But do not start to think so damned simply. Know how complicated it is and then state it simply.
It is always the false that makes you suffer, the false desires and fears, the false values and ideas, the false relationships between people. Abandon the false and you are free of pain; truth makes happy, truth liberates.
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much oftener succeed through failures. Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.
It is an ironic habit of human beings to run faster when they have lost their way.
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.
It is a self-deception of philosophers and moralists to imagine that they escape decadence by opposing it. That is beyond their will; and, however little they acknowledge it, one later discovers that they were among the most powerful promoters of decadence.
It is a serious thing to live in a society of possible gods and goddesses, to remember that the dullest most uninteresting person you can talk to may one day be a creature which,if you saw it now, you would be strongly tempted to worship, or else a horror and a corruption such as you now meet, if at all, only in a nightmare. All day long we are, in some degree helping each other to one or the other of these destinations. It is in the light of these overwhelming possibilities, it is with the awe and the circumspection proper to them, that we should conduct all of our dealings with one another, all friendships, all loves, all play, all politics. There are no ordinary people. You have never talked to a mere mortal. Nations, cultures, arts, civilizations - these are mortal, and their life is to ours as the life of a gnat. But it is immortals whom we joke with, work with, marry, snub, and exploit - immortal horrors or everlasting splendors.
It is a very delicate job to forgive a man, without lowering him in his own estimation, and yours too.
It is a very natural human trait to destroy that which frightens us.
It is a well known fact that even among highly cultured peoples the belief in animism prevails generally. Even the scholar may kick the chair against which he accidentally stumbles, and derive great satisfaction from thus 'getting even' with the perverse chair.
It is best to mince one's words very finely, it makes them much easier to eat afterwards.
It is better for the heart to break, than not to break.
It is better to be faithful than famous.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
It is better to be quiet and thought a fool than to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
It is better to be respected than it is to be popular. Popularity ends on yearbook day, but respect lasts forever.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
It is better to fill your head with useless knowledge than no knowledge at all.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong than to always be right by having no ideas at all.
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt.
It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
It is better to walk alone than in bad company.
It is books that are a key to the wide world; if you can't do anything else, read all that you can.
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster.
It is closer to the truth to say that God is crazy than that God is reasonable. I suspect God merely smiles when someone calls him crazy, but shakes His head and frowns when someone calls Him reasonable.
It is culture that is the bully."
It is curious that the human mind could blindly accept an infinite speed but had reservations to accept a finite one, simply because it was too large!
It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong.
It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future. You cannot change your past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about your future. Learn from the past, plan for the future. The more you live in and enjoy the present moment, the happier you will be.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude.
It is easy to be conspicuously 'compassionate' if others are being forced to pay the cost.
It is evident as a matter of logic that, since they (world religions) disagree, not more than one of them can be true.
It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather, we should thank God that such men lived.
It is foolish to tear one's hair in grief, as though sorrow would be made less by baldness.
It is futile to do with more what can be done with fewer.
It is good to dream big but your dreams will never see the light of day if you sleep big too.
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!
It is harder to crack prejudice than an atom.
It is hard to be angry when one has seen the sun rise,' she said.
It is immoral to hold an opinion in order to curry another's favor; mercenary, servile, and against the dignity of human liberty to yield and submit; supremely stupid to believe as a matter of habit; irrational to decide according to the majority opinion, as if the number of sages exceeded the infinite number of fools.
It is impossible for Stream to achieve unhappiness. Indeed it is. Unless that is, it exists in consciousness. It is impossible for the unordered to achieve happiness or unhappiness unless it were to Flow a certain way in relation with ordered effects.Unhappiness, happiness is a potential activated by the ordered in Flow.
It is impossible to be both selfish and happy
it is impossible to build one's own happiness on the unhappiness of others. This perspective is at the heart of Buddhist teachings.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
It is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt axe. It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.
It is indisputable that the being whose capacities of enjoyment are low, has the greatest chance of having them fully satisfied; and a highly endowed being will always feel that any happiness which he can look for, as the world is constituted, is imperfect. But he can learn to bear its imperfections, if they are at all bearable; and they will not make him envy the being who is indeed unconscious of the imperfections, but only because he feels not at all the good which those imperfections qualify.
It is inhuman to bless when one is being cursed.
It is in the knowledge of the genuine conditions of our lives that we must draw our strength to live and our reasons for living.
It is in the shelter of each other that the people live.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
It is just as crazy
It is lack of love for ourselves that inhibits our compassion toward others. If we make friends with ourselves, then there is no obstacle to opening our hearts and minds to others.
It is more Important to be of pure intention than of perfect action.
It is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be deceived by them.
It is much easier to be brave if you do not know everything.
It is much wiser to take advice than to give it.
It is necessary to hope... for hope itself is happiness.
It is never ridicule, but a compliment, that knocks a philosopher off his feet. He is already positioned for every possible counter-attack, counter-argument, and retort...only to find a big bear hug coming his way.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
It is never too late to give up our prejudices.
It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
It is not enough to be industrious; so are the ants. What are you industrious about?
It is not enough to possess a talent: one must also have your permission to possess it;--eh, my friends?
It is not God that is worshipped but the authority that claims to speak in His name. Sin becomes disobedience to authority not violation of integrity.
It is not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.
It is not so much the major events as the small day-to-day decisions that map the course of our living. . . Our lives are, in reality, the sum total of our seemingly unimportant decisions and of our capacity to live by those decisions.
It is not that I am mad, it is only that my head is different from yours.
It is not that kindness matters; it is that without kindness, nothing else matters.
It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.
It is not the failure of others to appreciate your abilities that should trouble you, but rather your failure to appreciate theirs.
It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage.
It is not the strength, but the duration of great sentiments that makes great men.
It is not the style of clothes one wears, neither the kind of automobile one drives, nor the amount of money one has in the bank, that counts. These mean nothing. It is simply service that measures success.
It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
It is not what he has, or even what he does which expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.
It is not what we have that matters; what matters is what we give away with love.
It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings.
It is not worth the while to let our imperfections disturb us always.
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
It is now generally admitted, at any rate by philosophers, that the existence of a being having the attributes which define the god of any non-animistic religion cannot be demonstratively proved... All utterances about the nature of God are nonsensical.
It isn't hard to be good from time to time. What is tough is being good every day.
It isn't pollution that's harming the environment, it's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it
It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it's the pebble in your shoe.
It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about.
It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.
It is of course no secret to contemporary philosophers and psychologists that man himself is changing in our violent century, under the influence, of course, not only of war and revolution, but also of practically everything else that lays claim to being "modern" and "progressive." We have already cited the most striking forms of Nihilist Vitalism, whose cumulative effect has been to uproot, disintegrate, and "mobilize" the individual, to substitute for his normal stability and rootedness a senseless quest for power and movement, and to replace normal human feeling by a nervous excitability. The work of Nihilist Realism, in practice as in theory, has been parallel and complementary to that of Vitalism: a work of standardization, specialization, simplification, mechanization, dehumanization; its effect has been to "reduce" the individual to the most "Primitive" and basic level, to make him in fact the slave of his environment, the perfect workman in Lenin's worldwide "factory.
It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
It is okay to be rich, but it is great to be a person of value.
It is one of the beautiful compensations of life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
It is only by being ordinary you get to be extraordinary. Being ordinary does not mean being a robotic slave to the social conformities, like everybody else, rather it means not giving importance to both the superficiality, that is the material, and the so-called spiritual.
It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it.
It is only with true love and compassion that we can begin to mend what is broken in the world. It is these two blessed things that can begin to heal all broken hearts.
It is our attitude toward events, not events themselves, which we can control. Nothing is by its own nature calamitous -- even death is terrible only if we fear it.
It is our failure to become our perceived ideal that ultimately defines us and makes us unique. It's not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right your perceived failure can become a catalyst for profound re-invention.
It is our wounds that create in us a desire to reach for miracles. The fulfillment of such miracles depends on whether we let our wounds pull us down or lift us up towards our dreams.
It is. Philosophy is a field that, unfortunately, reminds me of that old Woody Allen joke, "those that can't do, teach, and those that can't teach, teach gym." And the worst part of philosophy is the philosophy of science; the only people, as far as I can tell, that read work by philosophers of science are other philosophers of science. It has no impact on physics what so ever, and I doubt that other philosophers read it because it's fairly technical. And so it's really hard to understand what justifies it. And so I'd say that this tension occurs because people in philosophy feel threatened, and they have every right to feel threatened, because science progresses and philosophy doesn't.
It is pointless to ask: Why then is sex so secret? What is this force that so long reduced it to silence and has only recently relaxed its hold somewhat, allowing us to question it perhaps, but always in the context of and through its repression? In reality, this question, so often repeated nowadays, is but the recent form of a considerable affirmation and a secular prescription: there is where the truth is; go see if you can uncover it. It is reasonable therefore to ask first of all: What is this injunction? Why this great chase after the truth of sex, the truth in sex?
It is possible for the human spirit to win after all.
It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age; but, if so, it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that guards the door, and this dragon is religion.
It is possible that these millions of suns, along with thousands of millions more we cannot see, make up altogether but a globule of blood or lymph in the veins of an animal, of a minute insect, hatched in a world of whose vastness we can frame no conception, but which nevertheless would itself, in proportion to some other world, be no more than a speck of dust.
It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life.
It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.
It is reasonable to love the Absolute absolutely for the same reason it is reasonable to love the relative relatively.
It is related that Sakyamuni [the historical Buddha] once dismissed as of small consequence a feat of levitation on the part of a disciple, and cried out in pity for a yogin by the river who had spent twenty years of his human existence learning to walk on water, when the ferryman might have taken him across for a small coin.
It is remarkable how long men will believe in the bottomlessness of a pond without taking the trouble to sound it.
It is said that God has created man in his own image. But it may be that humankind has created God in the image of humankind.
It is said that the real winner is the one who lives in today but able to see tomorrow.
It is so hard to leave--until you leave. And then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world.
It is so inspirational, to see that in the world of Westeros, men are answering to women, and they are a force to be reckoned with. It's empowering, and it's inspirational as well, because you're just like, 'This is great!'
It is strange the way trauma deadens curiosity. To suffer cruelty in excess is to be delivered from care. The human heart sets aside its questions when the future is too capricious. This is the irony of tribulation.
It is such a luxury to open a new book that's highly recommended by friends - either an inspirational yet humorously self-deprecating memoir, or a page-turning piece of fiction.
It is suicide to be abroad. But what it is to be at home, ... what it is to be at home? A lingering dissolution.
It is terrible to die of thirst at sea. Is it necessary that you should so salt your truth that it will no longer--quench thirst?
It is the combination of reasonable talent and the ability to keep going in the face of defeat that leads to success.
It is the dull man who is always sure, and the sure man who is always dull.
It is the hopeful, buoyant, cheerful attitude of mind that wins. Optimism is a success builder; pessimism an achievement killer.
It is the man of science, eager to have his every opinion regenerated, his every idea rationalized, by drinking at the fountain of fact, and devoting all the energies of his life to the cult of truth, not as he understands it, but as he does not yet understand it, that ought properly to be called a philosopher.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
It is the nature of emergencies to be inconvenient.
It is the nature of the strong heart, that like the palm tree it strives ever upwards when it is most burdened.
It is the philosophers, theologians, and evangelists who are said to be filled with pride and bigotry due to the strong convictions that they represent. On the contrary, teachings can be either taken or dismissed; whereas voting is the only thing the average person can do to force everyone to live how they would prefer. A simple vote is among the largest yet most acceptable forms of bigotry, and that is because people play the card only when they feel that in doing so it conveniences themselves.
It is the possibility that keeps me going, and though you may call me a dreamer or a fool or any other thing, I believe that anything is possible.
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.
It is the privilege of the gods to want nothing, and of godlike men to want little.
It is therefore senseless to think of complaining since nothing foreign has decided what we feel, what we live, or what we are.
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.
It is the useless things that make life worth living and that make life dangerous too: wine, love, art, beauty. Without them life is safe, but not worth bothering with.
It is this belief in a power larger than myself and other than myself which allows me to venture into the unknown and even the unknowable.
It is thus tolerance that is the source of peace, and intolerance that is the source of disorder and squabbling.
It is too difficult to think nobly when one thinks only of earning a living.
It is true that the aristocracies seem to have abused their monopoly of legal knowledge; and at all events their exclusive possession of the law was a formidable impediment to the success of those popular movements which began to be universal in the western world.
It is truth that liberates, not your effort to be free.
It is usually best to admit mistakes when they occur, and to seek to restore honor..
It is very important to know who you are. To make decisions. To show who you are.
It is when things are at worst you will get the best.
It is when those who are not strong enough have made some moderate amount of progress that they fail and give up...
It is when we think we can act like God, that all respect is lost, and I think this is the downfall of peace. We lie if we say we do not see color and culture and difference. We fool ourselves and cheat ourselves when we say that all of us are the same. We should not want to be the same as others and we should not want others to be the same as us. Rather, we ought to glory and shine in all of our differences, flaunting them fabulously for all to see! It is never a conformity that we need! We need not to conform! What we need is to burst out into all these beautiful colors!
It is when you lose sight of yourself, that you lose your way. To keep your truth in sight you must keep yourself in sight and the world to you should be a mirror to reflect to you your image; the world should be a mirror that you reflect upon.
It is wisdom to recognize necessity when all other courses have been weighed, though as folly it may appear to those who cling to false hope.
It is worse to stay where one does not belong at all than to wander about lost for a while and looking for the psychic and soulful kinship one requires
It(mastering)'s knowing what you are doing.
It may be important to great thinkers to examine the world, to explain and despise it. But I think it is only important to love the world, not to despise it, not for us to hate each other, but to be able to regard the world and ourselves and all beings with love, admiration and respect.
It may not feel too classy, begging just to eat
It must not be forgotten that reason too needs to be sustained in all its searching by trusting dialogue and sincere friendship. A climate of suspicion and distrust, which can beset speculative research, ignores the teaching of the ancient philosophers who proposed friendship as one of the most appropriate contexts for sound philosophical enquiry.
It never occurs to most of us .. that the question 'what
It never occurs to most of us .. that the question 'what is the truth' is no real question (being irrelative to all conditions) and that the whole notion of the truth is an abstraction from the fact of truths in the plural, a mere useful summarizing phrase like the Latin language or the Law.
It occurred to me by intuition, and music was the driving force behind that intuition. My discovery was the result of musical perception.
It often occurs that pride and selfishness are muddled with strength and independence. They are neither equal nor similar; in fact, they are polar opposites. A coward may be so cowardly that he masks his weakness with some false personification of power. He is afraid to love and to be loved because love tends to strip bare all emotional barricades. Without love, strength and independence are prone to losing every bit of their worth; they become nothing more than a fearful, intimidated, empty tent lost somewhere in the desert of self.
It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a lifetime.
I transform my enemy to a friend with my pen.
It really is an honor if I can be inspirational to a younger singer or person. It means I've done my job.
I tried out various experiments described in treatises on physics and chemistry, and the results were sometimes unexpected. At times, I would be encouraged by a little unhoped-for success; at others, I would be in the deepest despair because of accidents and failures resulting from my inexperience.
I tried to think the same thought in as many different religions as possible, so the thought itself wouldn't be limited by any particular way of reasoning, the way words restrict -- the whole eskimo-seventeen-words-for-snow idea.
I trust that everything happens for a reason, even if we are not wise enough to see it.
I try not to put anything political on the forefront of what I'm trying to do creatively. At the same time, I do think it's wonderful when I hear people say that it's inspirational that I'm an Indian woman on camera. My life is very diverse, and my friends are a diverse group of people.
I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.
I try--without success--to stop finding reasons for vanity in anything. When I happen to manage it nonetheless, I feel that I no longer belong to the mortal gang. I am above everything then, above the gods themselves. Perhaps that is what death is: a sensation of great, of extreme superiority.
It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood,
... it's a blessed thing to love and feel loved in return.
It's against the rules of humanity to believe there is nothing we can do.
It's a lie to think you're not good enough. It's a lie to think you're not worth anything.
It's alive! It's alive!
It's always seemed a little preposterous that Hamlet, for all his paralyzing doubt about everything, never once doubts the reality of the ghost. Never questions his own madness might not in fact be unfeigned.
It's always too early to quit.
It's a moment that I'm after, a fleeting moment, but not a frozen moment.
It's an already inside outside,
It's a philosophical minefield!"
It's a sad day for American Capitalism when a man can't fly a midget on a kite over central park.
It's a sad day when you find out that it's not accident or time or fortune, but just yourself that kept things from you.
It's as if inside the White House the belief in Obama's inspirational charisma is still such that every time the ugliness of brute politics intrudes, it's a startling revelation.
It's a slow process, but quitting won't speed it up.
It's a small world, but I'd hate to have to paint it.
It's a small world, but I wouldn't like to paint it.
It's a special person - and personality - who can lead a start-up to soaring success and sustain that success for the long term. Apple co-founder Steve Jobs and Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg are star examples.
It's a thought," I said with a grin.
It's at night when my dreams come alive.
It's a very sobering feeling to be up in space and realize that one's safety factor was determined by the lowest bidder on a government contract.
It's because of you that I know that God exists.
It's been said that love finds you when you're ready.
It's better to be boldly decisive and risk being wrong than to agonize at length and be right too late.
It's better to have a few faithful friends than numerous shallow friendships.
It's better to have a million small religions with each one containing a great truth. Than one great religion containing a million small truths.
It's better to have nobody than someone who is half there, or who doesn't want to be there.
It's both rebellion and conformity that attack you with success.
It's cool to have critical success because it's always nice for your peers to say, 'Good job.' But who cares about them?
It's daring to be curious about the unknown, to dream big dreams, to live outside prescribed boxes, to take risks, and above all, daring to investigate the way we live until we discover the deepest treasured purpose of why we are here.
It's dark because you are trying too hard.
It's easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission.
It's easy to forget things you don't need anymore.
It's easy to hate and point out everything that is wrong with the world; it is the hardest and most important work in one's life to free oneself from the bonds of fear and attachment.
It seemed to a number of philosophers of language, myself included, that we should attempt to achieve a unification of Chomsky's syntax, with the results of the researches that were going on in semantics and pragmatics. I believe that this effort has proven to be a failure. Though Chomsky did indeed revolutionize the subject of linguistics, it is not at all clear, at the end the century, what the solid results of this revolution are. As far as I can tell there is not a single rule of syntax that all, or even most, competent linguists are prepared to agree is a rule.
It seems that a profound, impartial, and absolutely just opinion of our fellow-creatures is utterly unknown. Either we are men, or we are women. Either we are cold, or we are sentimental. Either we are young, or growing old. In any case life is but a procession of shadows, and God knows why it is that we embrace them so eagerly, and see them depart with such anguish, being shadows. And why, if this -- and much more than this is true -- why are we yet surprised in the window corner by a sudden vision that the young man in the chair is of all things in the world the most real, the most solid, the best known to us--why indeed? For the moment after we know nothing about him.
It seems the harder I work, the more luck I have.
It seems to me that good philosophy will always have a place in the investigation of any matter of deep human importance, because of its commitment to clarity, to carefully drawn distinctions, to calm argument rather than prejudice and dogmatic assertion"
It seems to me that one ought to rejoice in the fact of death-- ought to decide, indeed, to earn one's death by confronting with passion the conundrum of life. One is responsible to life: It is the small beacon in that terrifying darkness from which we come and to which we shall return. One must negotiate this passage as nobly as possible, for the sake of those who are coming after us.
It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them.
It serves me right for putting all my eggs in one bastard.
It's ever been the way of the man of science or philosophy. Most folks stay in the dark and then complain they can't see nothing." -- Snipes (185)
It's extremely unlucky to be superstitious, for no other reason than it is always unlucky to be colossally stupid.
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
It's fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
It's funny, for all it took was a broken heart and that alone was enough, enough for her to do everything she ever dreamed of.
It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.
It's funny how one summer can change everything. It must be something about the heat and the smell of chlorine, fresh-cut grass and honeysuckle, asphalt sizzling after late-day thunderstorms, the steam rising while everything drips around it. Something about long, lazy days and whirring air conditioners and bright plastic flip-flops from the drugstore thwacking down the street. Something about fall being so close, another year, another Christmas, another beginning. So much in one summer, stirring up like the storms that crest at the end of each day, blowing out all the heat and dirt to leave everything gasping and cool. Everyone can reach back to one summer and lay a finger to it, finding the exact point when everything changed. That summer was mine.
It's funny. I met a man once who did a lot of mountain climbing. I asked him which was harder, ascending or descending? He said without a doubt descending, because ascending you were so focused on reaching the top, you avoided mistakes.
It's good to do uncomfortable things. It's weight training for life.
It's good to test yourself and develop your talents and ambitions as fully as you can and achieve greater success; but I think success is the feeling you get from a job well done, and the key thing is to do the work.
It's harder to be a success, globally, and be artistic. Harder to have that balance than just to be artistic when nobody understands you.
It's harder to make the glass than break the glass.
It's hard for a man to live with a successful woman - they seem to resent you so much. Very few men are generous enough to accept success in their women.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.
It's hard to grasp abstractions if you don't understand what they're abstracting away from.
It's hard work making movies. It's like being a doctor: you work long hours, very hard hours, and it's emotional, tense work. If you don't really love it, then it ain't worth it.
It's hard work to make a four-minute program look effortless and elegant.
It's highly virtuous to say we'll be good, but we can't do it all at once, and it takes a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull all together before some of us even get our feet set in the right way.
It shouldn't be necessary for others to lose in order for you to win. If others have to lose, re-evaluate the game's goals.
It's how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success.
It's important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.
It's important to have an open mind, but not so open that your brains fall out.
It's impossible to walk through solid rock... You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock.
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.
It's just that in the Deep South, women learn at a young age that when the world is falling apart around you, it's time to take down the drapes and make a new dress.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
It's like a condom; I'd rather have it and not need it than need it and not have it.
It's lonely at the top, but the food is better.
Its more fun to think of the future than dwell on the past.
It's never overreacting to ask for what you want and need.
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
It's never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you're proud of, And if you find that you're not, I hope you have the strength to start over.
It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.
It's no good trying to get rid of your own aloneness. You've got to stick to it all your life. Only at times, at times, the gap will be filled in. At times! But you have to wait for the times. Accept your own aloneness and stick to it, all your life. And then accept the times when the gap is filled in, when they come. But they've got to come. You can't force them.
It's not a beer unless it's a Kinsmen!
It's not about finding ways to avoid God's judgment and feeling like a failure if you don't do everything perfectly. It's about fully experiencing God's love and letting it perfect you. It's not about being somebody you are not. It's about becoming who you really are.
It's not about how hard you can hit; it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.
It's not about how much you do, but how much love you put into what you do that counts.
It's not about how to achieve your dreams, it's about how to lead your life, ... If you lead your life the right way, the karma will take care of itself, the dreams will come to you.
It's not about whether or not someone is a bigot, but whether or not the argument which that someone is arguing is worth being a bigot about.
It's not an optical illusion, it just looks that way.
It's not easy to write a poem about a poem.
It's not enough merely to exist. Every man has to seek in his own way to make his own self more noble and to relize his own true worth.
It's not enough that I should succeed - others should fail.
It's not him who's disturbed. But he likes to disturb others--to shake them out of their rut.
It`s not how old you are, it`s how you are old.
It's not just the 'Grammys' that I've pulled out of. I also pulled out of the English awards as well. The reason that I wanted to pull out was because I believe very much that the music industry as a whole is mainly concerned with material success.
It's not oil that runs the world, it's shame.
It's not over if you're still here," Chronicler said. "It's not a tragedy if you're still alive.
It's no trick for talented people to be interesting, but it's a gift to be interested. We want an organization filled with interested people.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
It's not that some people have willpower and some don't... It's that some people are ready to change and others are not.
It's not the drug that causes the junkie it's the laws that causes the junkie because of course the drug laws means that he can't go and get help because he is afraid of being arrested. He also can't have a normal life because the war on drugs has made drugs so expensive and has made drug contracts unenforceable which means they can only be enforced through criminal violence.
It's not the face, but the expressions on it. It's not the voice, but what you say. It's not how you look in that body, but the thing you do with it. You are beautiful.
It's not the heights that bother me it's falling on the bottoms of them.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.
It's not whether you got knocked down; it's whether you get back up.
It's not who you are that holds you back; it's who you think you're not.
It's no use beating around the bush looking for koalas when they're up in the tree looking down on you.
It's no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
It's okay," he said. "We're together." He didn't say
It's okay to have a bad day.
It's okay to look back at the past. Just don't stare.
It's OK to not be OK, as long as you don't stay that way.
It's one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, to forgive. Forgive everybody.
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.
It's so much darker when a light goes out than it would have been if it had never shone.
It's strange how dreams get under your skin and give your heart a test for what's real and what's imaginary.
It's the broken toys that need the most love and attention.
It's the children the world almost breaks who grow up to save it.
It's the little things that make big things happen.
It's the poet we love in Caeiro, not the philosopher. What we really get from these poems is a childlike sense of life, with all the direct materiality of the child's mind, and all the vital spirituality of hope and increase that exist in the body and soul of nescient childhood. Caeiro's work is a dawn that wakes us up and quickens us; a more that material, more than anti-spiritual dawn. It's an abstract effect, pure vacuum, nothingness.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
It's the price of success: people start to think you're omnipotent.
It's the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race.
It's the truth, even if it didn't happen...
It's up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.
It's very dramatic when two people come together to work something out. It's easy to take a gun and annihilate your opposition, but what is really exciting to me is to see people with differing views come together and finally respect each other.
It's very important to understand why you do the things you do. Your understanding will make you work harder and be passionate, your lack of understanding will make you doubt and to give up on what you are doing.
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.
It's when I go down to the beach that the waves come up to greet me.
It's when I hurt you that I cry inside myself.
It's when I'm covered in pink that my heart is on the outside.
It's when the dead walk that the living come to life!
It's when the fur starts flying that it's out looking for revenge.
It's when we're starving that we only have food for thought.
It's when we walk the earth that we are actually flying in the sky.
It's when you eat chocolate that you get a taste of what heaven is like.
It's when you hold on to the past that you let the future slip through your fingers.
It's when you're naked that I'm at my most vulnerable.
It's when you're president that no one or anything else seems to matter.
It's when you say, "I love you," that all of my problems seem to disappear.
It's when you think of me that I have goosebumps there with you.
It's when you walk with dinosaurs that you start thinking about lunch.
It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That's what makes you really feel alive. You have to say 'no' to other things you're used to, and do it with all your heart.
It's your life-but only if you make it so.
It's your life; you don't need someone's permission to live the life you want. Be brave to live from your heart.
It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live.
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently.
It takes 20 years to make an overnight success.
It takes a huge effort to free yourself from memory
it takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeded.
It takes a strong fish to swim against the current. Even a dead one can float with it.
It takes a well-spent lifetime, and perhaps more, to crystalize in us that for which we exist.
It takes both rain and sunshine to make a rainbow.
It takes generosity to discover the whole through others. If you realize you are only a violin, you can open yourself up to the world by playing your role in the concert.
It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.
It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.
It takes three to make love, not two: you, your spouse, and God. Without God people only succeed in bringing out the worst in one another. Lovers who have nothing else to do but love each other soon find there is nothing else. Without a central loyalty life is unfinished.
It takes too much energy to be against something unless it's really important.
It takes two wings to fly.
It used to be about trying to do something. Now it's about trying to be someone.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
It was a dance of masks and every mask was perfect because every mask was a real face and every face was a
It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.
It was as if that great rush of anger had washed me clean, emptied me of hope, and, gazing up at the dark sky spangled with its signs and stars, for the first time, the first, I laid my heart open to the benign indifference of the universe.
It was Beauty killed the Beast.
It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action, and discipline that enabled us to follow through.
It was, he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumbledore knew - and so do I, thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents - that there was all the difference in the world.
It was like the beginning of life and laughter. It was the real meaning of the sun
It was never about the world being too big, it was more like she was too much for the world to handle.
It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark.
It was stupid to hope, she knew. But sometimes hope was all you had.
It was the moment I realized what music can do to people, how it can make you hurt and feel so good all at once.
It was time to take the pumpkin out of the pot and eat it. In the final analysis, that was what solved these big problems of life. You could think and think and get nowhere, but you still had to eat your pumpkin. That brought you down to earth. That gave you a reason for going on. Pumpkin.
It will, of course, be understood that directly or indirectly, soon or late, every advance in the sciences of human nature will contribute to our success in controlling human nature and changing it to the advantage of the common weal.
It would be, for me, mere pointless pleasure, an illusion of order for this one frail, foolish, flicker-flash in the long dull fall of eternity.
I urge you to please notice when you are happy, and exclaim or murmur or think at some point, If this isn't nice, I don't know what is.
I used to be a pessimist, but now I can't even do that right.
I used to be indecisive, now I'm not so sure.
I used to have a sign pinned up on my wall that read: Only to the extent that we expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is indestructible be found in us...It was all about letting go of everything.
I used to know everything, till everything changed.
I used to make up stuff in my bio all the time, that I used to be a professional ice-skater and stuff like that. I found it so inspirational. Why not make myself cooler than I am?
I used to think I knew what was right and what was wrong, and who the good guys are, and who the bad guys are. Then the world got very gray, and I didn't know anything for a long time
I used to think the world was broken down by tribes,' I said. 'By Black and White. By Indian and White. But I know this isn't true. The world is only broken into two tribes: the people who are assholes and the people who are not.
I've a great family, two children to take care of. Then, of course, I do commentary for TV. I do speak about various women's issues around the world - like LGBT, motivational speeches. I have a lot on my plate right now. But eventually, yes, I would like to pass on the knowledge and something that I would like to do.
I've always been a slow learner in some areas of my life.mostly the areas known as myself. Or maybe I should say 'selves.'because the fact is, I've never, even as a child, felt I'm only one self, only one person. I've always felt I'm quite a few more than one. For example, there's my jokey self, there's my morose and fed-up self,there's my lewd and disgusting self. There's my clever-clogs self, and my fading-violet-who-cant-make-up-her-mind-about-anything self. There's my untidy-clothes-everywhere-all-over-my-room self, and my manically tidy self when I want my room to be minimalist and Zen to the nth degree. There's my confidant, arrogant self and my polite and reasonable and good listener self. There's my self-righteous self and my wickedly bad self, my flaky self and my bsentimental self. There are selfs I like and selfs I don't like.there's my little-girl selfnwhonlikes to play silly games and there's my old-woman self when I'm quite sure I'm eighty and edging towards geriatric.
I've always believed that one woman's success can only help another woman's success.
I've always believed that success for anyone is all about drive, dedication, and desire, but for me, it's also been about confidence and faith.
I've always hated the "Who are you?" question. This is a philosophical inquiry. Answering that question is why we're on earth. You can't answer it in thirty seconds or in an elevator.
I've always thought of acting as more of an exercise in empathy, which is not to be confused with sympathy. You're trying to get inside a certain emotional reality or motivational reality and try to figure out what that's about so you can represent it.
I've always thought that a big laugh is a really loud noise from the soul saying, 'Ain't that the truth.'
I've always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up.
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.
I've been blessed to be somebody that's been climbing that success mountain top for years of hard work, you know, but now it's all connecting. And now, the whole world is watching, you know what I'm saying, and it feels good 'cause it's good energy. This is all positive vibes, and good vibes and good energy, so it feels incredible.
I've been doing this a long time, and I've come to learn that predictions don't mean much. Too much lies outside the realm of medical knowledge. A lot of what happens next comes down to you and your specific genetics, your attitude. No, there's nothing we can do to stop the inevitable, but that's not the point. The point is that you should try to make the most of the time you have left.
I've been fighting to be who I am all my life. What's the point of being who I am, if I can't have the person who was worth all the fighting for?
I've been known to write 10 pages a day for 10 days running before I take a breath. I am not a disciplined writer. I'm one of those people who laughingly call themselves inspirational writers, which basically means someone who has no control over their own creative process.
I've been lucky. Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them.
I've been very lucky to have achieved a lot of the things that I dreamt of achieving as a young man. But, at the end of the day - and I truly believe this - it is not about achieving great wealth or success. Because they don't bring happiness, ultimately.
I've come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that's as unique as a fingerprint - and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in the form of service, working hard, and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you.
I've come to the conclusion that people who wear headphones while they walk, are much happier, more confident, and more beautiful individuals than someone making the solitary drudge to work without acknowledging their own interests and power.
I've done a lot of albums and I kinda know when I'm onto something that was inspirational for me to record and create, and this was one of those projects where I really enjoyed making the album.
I've done my best, and I begin to understand what is meant by 'the joy of strife'. Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.
I've failed over and over and over again. And that is why I succeed.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
I've got a mind like a.. a.. what's that thing called?
I've got a theory that if you give 100 percent all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.
I've gotta get out of the basement. I've gotta see the world. I've gotta make a difference
I've had a lot of success; I've had failures, so I learn from the failure.
I've had a lot of worries in my life, most of which never happened.
I've had amnesia for as long as I can remember
I've had great success being a total idiot.
I've had it with being nice, understanding, fair and hopeful. I feel like being negative all day. The chip on my shoulder could sink the QE2. I've got an attitude problem and nobody better get in my way...I'm in a bad mood and the whole stupid little world is gonna pay!
I've had many enemies over the years. If there's one thing I've learned, it's never engage in a fight you're sure to lose. On the other hand, never let anyone who has insulted you get away with it. Bide your time and strike back when you're in a position of strength--even if you no longer need to strike back.
I've known people that the world has thrown everything at to discourage them...to break their spirit. And yet something about them retains a dignity. They face life and don't ask quarters.
I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not on our circumstances.
I've learned one thing: you can only really get to know a person after a row. Only then can you judge their true character!
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
I've lost count of the number of times that I've been approached by strangers wanting to tell me that they think I'm brave or inspirational, and this was long before my work had any kind of public profile.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
I've never quite believed that one chance is all I get
I've often thought that there isn't any "I" at all; that we are simply the means of expression of something else; that when we think we are ourselves, we are simply the victims of a delusion.
I've tickled Pink, and guess what, I liked it!
I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down.
I view art as an inspirational tool.
I want all my senses engaged. Let me absorb the world's variety and uniqueness.
I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed.
I want a tattoo over my heart that reads TRY HARDER YOU LAZY PARAMEDIC SHITBAG OR I WILL HAUNT YOUR BEDROOM FOREVER
I wanted change and excitement and to shoot off in all directions myself, like the colored arrows from a Fourth of July rocket.
I wanted movement and not a calm course of existence. I wanted excitement and the chance to sacrifice myself for my love. I felt it in myself a superabundance of energy which found no outlet in our quiet life.
I wanted that future officer to weigh decisions with a supple mind and to be comfortable with nuance and uncertainty.
I wanted to become the seeker, the aroused and passionate explorer, and it was better to go at it knowing nothing at all, always choosing the unmarked bottle, always choosing your own unproven method, armed with nothing but faith and a belief in astonishment.
I wanted to do something inspirational for my children.
I want, once and for all, not to know many things. Wisdom sets limits to knowledge too.
I want to be an inspirational model. I want people to look at me and say, 'Wow, she looks healthy.'
I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.
I want to be justice, love and the wrath of God all in one.
I want to be like Gandhi and Martin Luther King and John Lennon but i want to STAY ALIVE.
I want to be motivational and inspirational for everybody: my big aim is more women on bicycles.
I want to build a legacy at the WWE, but I definitely want to continue to grow the Bella Empire. I want it to go beyond the ring. I would love to be a motivational speaker.
I want to continue being crazy; living my life the way I dream it, and not the way the other people want it to be.
I want to find a way of speaking to fellow human beings that will be cool rather than heated, philosophical rather than polemical, that will bring enlightenment rather than seeking to divide us into the righteous and the sinners, the saved and the damned, the sheep and the goats.
I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw shit, he's up!
I want to Live! Not Die, Not Hide, LIVE!
I want to make sure I don't interfere with the success of that team next year. I don't see any way I could go to practice like most of 'em do, and not hurt the team. I'd go nuts if I tried doing that.
I want to make this world perfect.
I want to see success right away. And I want to never give up, never stop.
I want to start by, as always, thanking my family. My kids, they're not kids anymore, but they're kids as far as I'm concerned. They'll always be my kids.
I want to thank you, Lord, for life and all that's in it.
I want you to go back into the barrack and tell the men to come out after the storm. Tell them to look up at me tied here. Tell them I'll open my eyes and look back at them, and they'll know hat I survived.
I want you to have big dreams, big goals. I want you to strive to achieve them. But I don't want to see you beating yourself up every time you make a mistake.
I want you to know
I want you to learn the lesson of the lotus. This flower springs forth from muddy waters. It raises its delicate petals to the sun and perfumes the world while, at the same time, its roots cling to the elemental muck, the very essence of the mortal experience. Without that soil, the flower would wither and die.
I was eating in a Chinese restaurant downtown. There was a dish called Mother and Child Reunion. It's chicken and eggs. And I said, I gotta use that one.
I was good and bad, but never wicked.
I was halfway across America, at the dividing line between the East of my youth and the West of my future.
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different.
I was never aware of any other option but to question everything.
I was never more hated than when I tried to be honest. Or when, even as just now I've tried to articulate exactly what I felt to be the truth. No one was satisfied
I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well.
I was perceived to be a first- to third-rounder. I kind of had a tough junior year and fell to the fifth round. At that time, it was motivational.
I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
I was successful materially, but I know life is much more than worldly success. I saw all these blessings God had given me. The way to give thanks is obedience to God.
I was suffering the easily foreseeable consequences. Addiction is the hallmark of every infatuation-based love story. It all begins when the object of your adoration bestows upon you a heady, hallucinogenic dose of something you never dared to admit you wanted-an emotional speedball, perhaps, of thunderous love and roiling excitement. Soon you start craving that intense attention, with a hungry obsession of any junkie. When the drug is witheld, you promptly turn sick, crazy, and depleted (not to mention resentful of the dealer who encouraged this addiction in the first place but now refuses to pony up the good stuff anymore-- despite the fact that you know he has it hidden somewhere, goddamn it, because he used to give it to you for free). Next stage finds you skinny and shaking in a corner, certain only that you would sell your soul or rob your neighbors just to have 'that thing' even one more time. Meanwhile, the object of your adoration has now become repulsed by you. He looks at you like you're someone he's never met before, much less someone he once loved with high passion. The irony is,you can hardly blame him. I mean, check yourself out. You're a pathetic mess,unrecognizable even to your own eyes. So that's it. You have now reached infatuation's final destination-- the complete and merciless devaluation of self." - pg 20-21
I was sure I'd set the world on fire, and it was hard for a young feller like me to realize the truth - that I hadn't set the world on fire, and I was totally unprepared to handle the consequences if 'The Big Trail' had been a success and launched me as a star.
I was thinking of you while I was traveling toward the moon.
I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.
I watched a small man with thick calluses on both hands work 15 and 16 hours a day. I saw him once literally bleed from the bottoms of his feet, a man who came here uneducated, alone, unable to speak the language, who taught me all I needed to know about faith and hard work by the simple eloquence of his example.
I watch Fox news for the comedy, MSNBC when I need to be reminded that mind midgets exist and CNN when I want to check out the latest in media lies and special interest propaganda. On the other 364 days of the year I read the American transcendentalists, David Hume, Rene Descartes, Immanuel Kant, Niccolo Machiavelli and Diogenes of Sinope.
I went to a General Store, but they wouldn't sell me anything specific.
I went to a motivational training course once, a course of self-discovery, and I found out after a week that my fear - it was not a fear of not being accepted - was a very violent fear of failure.
I went to a restaurant that serves 'breakfast at any time'. So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance.
I went to a restaurant that was so expensive that they didn't have prices on the menu - just little faces with varying expressions of horror.
I went to the school and put it to William, particularly, that if you find someone you love in life, you must hang onto it, and look after it, and if you were lucky enough to find someone who loved you, then you must protect it.
I, while the gods laugh, the world's vortex am;
I will always desire to play with Bruce Springsteen. He's the most inspirational, most dedicated, most committed and most focused artist I've ever seen. I like to be around people like that.
I will be generous with my love today. I will sprinkle compliments and uplifting words everywhere I go. I will do this knowing that my words are like seeds and when they fall on fertile soil, a reflection of those seeds will grow into something greater.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
I will love you always. When this red hair is white, I will still love you. When the smooth softness of youth is replaced by the delicate softness of age, I will still want to touch your skin. When your face is full of the lines of every smile you have ever smiled, of every surprise I have seen flash through your eyes, when every tear you have ever cried has left its mark upon your face,I will treasure you all the more, because I was there to see it all. I will share your life with you, Meredith, and I will love you until the last breath leaves your body or mine.
I will not die an unlived life.
I will not eat oysters. I want my food dead. Not sick, not wounded, dead.
I will not join the rat race because I'm not a rat. And I will not blindly follow a specific faith because I'm not a bat. The only race I'll take part in is for humans being humane. It's called the human race, and sadly it's got the least participants.
I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT...Goodbye.
I will offer a choice, not an echo.
I will take the Ring", he said, "though I do not know the way.
I will tell you why I became a philosopher. I became a philosopher because I wanted to be able to talk about many, many things, ideally with knowledge, but sometimes not quite the amount of knowledge that I would need if I were to be a specialist in them. It allows you to be many different things. And plurality and complexity are very, very important to me.
I wish I could just go tell all the young women I work with, all these fabulous women, 'Believe in yourself and negotiate for yourself. Own your own success.' I wish I could tell that to my daughter. But it's not that simple.
I wish I could make him understand that a loving good heart is riches enough, and that without it intellect is poverty.
I wish I could tell you the secret to being forever young, but no one's figured that out yet. But if you see the glass half full, simplify your life, and give yourself to a worthy cause, you will be forever happy.
I wish I could've lived my life without making any wrong turns. But that's impossible. A path like that doesn't exist. We fail. We trip. We get lost. We make mistakes. And little by little, one step at a time, we push forward. It's all we can do. On our own two feet.
I wish I knew how to quit you.
I wish that all nations may recover and retain their independence; that those which are overgrown may not advance beyond safe measures of power, that a salutary balance may be ever maintained among nations, and that our peace, commerce, and friendship, may be sought and cultivated by all. It is our business to manufacture for ourselves whatever we can, to keep our markets open for what we can spare or want; and the less we have to do with the amities or enmities of Europe, the better. Not in our day, but at no distant one, we may shake a rod over the heads of all, which may make the stoutest of them tremble.
I wish that the Indians believed me a god, for upon the report of an enemy's valor oftentimes depends the success of a battle, and false reports have many times done as great things as true courage and resolution.
I wish the Peace Corps and its volunteers continued success and perseverance. We are grateful for their contributions to society and dedication to providing assistance where it is needed. May the Peace Corps continue its legacy of service, both at home and abroad.
I wonder," he said, "whether the stars are set alight in heaven so that one day each one of us may find his own again...
I wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with.
I wonder how many times people give up just before a breakthrough - when they are on the very brink of success.
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges
I wonder why peopke are so afraid of love. Of different kinds of love. I just don't get it. Why aren't we afraid of racism" Of war? But love? It just doesn't make sense.
I won't be a rock star. I will be a legend.
I worked at The Old Globe Theater under the great baton of Craig Noel. One of the great theater heroes that we have. He was so great and so inspirational. I think I did 'Antony and Cleopatra' and 'The Taming of the Shrew'. I lived in Ocean Beach, and my rent was $140 a month.
I worked half my life to be an overnight success, and still it took me by surprise.
I would believe only in a God that knows how to dance.
I would court you, with all the grace and courtesy that you deserve,
I would like to wish the England squad every success. I would also very much like to extend those wishes to Martin Johnson, Brian Smith, Mike Ford, John Wells, Graham Rowntree and the rest of the England 2011 World Cup management team who have been fantastic and deserve people to know that.
I would love to be a guest on a talk show or a panel that shows women who have been on reality shows who've had success, to prove to audiences that you don't have to be a fool to become successful.
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
I would not sit waiting for some vague tomorrow, nor for something to happen. One could wait a lifetime, and find nothing at the end of the waiting. I would begin here, I would make something happen.
I would not think that philosophy and reason themselves will be man's guide in the foreseeable future; however, they will remain the most beautiful sanctuary they have always been for the select few.
I wouldn't be human if I didn't feel pride and something that transcends pride humility.
I would prefer a sword to fight duel, but a pen to plan a war.
I would probably work with Drake as he is massively inspirational to me as a writer as well as an artist. If not him, then Susan Boyle!
I would rather be able to appreciate things I can not have than to have things I am not able to appreciate.
I would rather be an opportunist and float than go to the bottom with my principles around my neck.
I would rather be an optimist and be wrong than a pessimist who proves to be right. The former sometimes wins, but never the latter.
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.
I would rather have 30 minutes of "wonderful" than a lifetime of nothing special.
I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief.
I would rather make mistakes in kindness and compassion than work miracles in unkindness and hardness.
I would say I'm an inspirational guidelines book. You can take my life story or scenarios or songs and relate to them and apply them to your everyday life.
I wrote the song 'Down to Earth' a few years ago, and i was really excited to record it for My World album. It's a huge fan favourite. So many people feel where i'm coming from. It doesn't need any spectacular stage effects in the touring show; the best thing i can do is just sing it straight from my heart. I'm not afraid to show my emotions; if you love someone, you should tell them. If you think a girl is beautiful, you should say that. Usher says some songs work best when there's a sob in the singer's voice. You gotta let that deep feeling come through. And that's how i felt about this song. Sometimes the emotion of it is enough to bring tears to my eyes.
I wrote '('Til) I Kissed You' about a girl I met in Australia. Her name was Lilian, and she was very, very inspirational. I was married, but... I wrote the song about her on the way back home.
Izzi: Remember Moses Morales?
Jamie: You know what I figured out today?
Jane, be still; don't struggle so like a wild, frantic bird, that is rending its own plumage in its desperation."
Java and C++ make you think that the new ideas are like the old ones. Java is the most distressing thing to hit computing since MS-DOS.
Jazz is smooth and cool. Jazz is rage. Jazz flows like water. Jazz never seems to begin or end. Jazz isn't methodical, but jazz isn't messy either. Jazz is a conversation, a give and take. Jazz is the connection and communication between musicians. Jazz is abandon.
Je crois au flooding.
Jessica. For god's sake," he said. "Allow me to do at least one common courtesy for you. In spite ow what 'women's lib' teaches you, chivalry does not imply that women are powerless. On the contrary, chivalry is an admission of women's superiority. An acknowledgment of
Jesus Christ lived in the midst of his enemies. At the end all his disciples deserted him. On the Cross he was utterly alone, surrounded by evildoers and mockers. For this cause he had come, to bring peace to the enemies of God. So the Christian, too, belongs not in the seclusion of a cloistered life but in the thick of foes. There is his commission, his work. 'The kingdom is to be in the midst of your enemies. And he who will not suffer this does not want to be of the Kingdom of Christ; he wants to be among friends, to sit among roses and lilies, not with the bad people but the devout people. O you blasphemers and betrayers of Christ! If Christ had done what you are doing who would ever have been spared' (Luther).
Jesus has now many lovers of the heavenly kingdom but few bearers of His cross.
Jesus said several times, "Come, follow me." His was a program of "do what I do," rather than "do what I say." His innate brilliance would have permitted him to put on a dazzling display, but that would have left his followers far behind. He walked and worked with those he was to serve. His was not a long-distance leadership. He was not afraid of close friendships; he was not afraid that proximity to him would disappoint his followers. The leaven of true leadership cannot lift others unless we are with and serve those to be led.
Jesus said to his Jews: "The law was for servants;--love God as I love him, as his Son! What have we Sons of God to do with morals!"
Jigga, Kells, Not Guilty
Jokes of the proper kind, properly told, can do more to enlighten questions of politics, philosophy, and literature than any number of dull arguments.
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.
Joy is but the sign that creative emotion is fulfilling its purpose.
Joy is prayer - Joy is strength - Joy is love - Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls. She gives most who gives with Joy.
Joy is the goal of existence, and joy is not to be stumbled upon, but to be achieved, and the act of treason is to let its vision drown in the swamp of the moment's torture.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
Judge me not by physical size or appearance, but judge me by the size of my character.
Judge not according to the appearance.
Judgments prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearances.
Just as a moth is attracted to the light, man is attracted to wealth
Just as one spoils the stomach by overfeeding and thereby impairs the whole body, so can one overload and choke the mind by giving it too much nourishment. For the more one reads the fewer are the traces left of what one has read; the mind is like a tablet that has been written over and over. Hence it is impossible to reflect; and it is only by reflection that one can assimilate what one has read. If one reads straight ahead without pondering over it later, what has been read does not take root, but is for the most part lost.
Just as you wouldn't leave the house without taking a shower, you shouldn't start the day without at least 10 minutes of sacred practice: prayer, meditation, inspirational reading.
Just because someone desires you, it does not mean that they value you.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
Just because you can doesn't mean you should.
just because you fail once, it doesn't mean you're going to fail at everything. keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself because if you don't, then who will? so keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
Just because you fall once, doesn't mean you're fall at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always trust yourself, because if you don't then who will??
Just because you refuse to acknowledge something, refuse to look at it or think about it, doesn't mean it's not there, that it doesn't affect you and the choices you make in your life.
Just because you took longer than others, doesn't mean you failed.
Just be yourself, there is no one better.
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
Just go out there and do what you've got to do.
Justice is the first virtue of social institutions, as truth is of systems of thought. A theory however elegant and economical must be rejected or revised if it is untrue; likewise laws and institutions no matter how efficient and well-arranged must be reformed or abolished if they are unjust. Each person possesses an inviolability founded on justice that even the welfare of society as a whole cannot override. For this reason justice denies that the loss of freedom for some is made right by a greater good shared by others. It does not allow that the sacrifices imposed on a few are outweighed by the larger sum of advantages enjoyed by many. Therefore in a just society the liberties of equal citizenship are taken as settled; the rights secured by justice are not subject to political bargaining or to the calculus of social interests.
Just keep going. Everybody gets better if they keep at it.
Just keep swimming.
Just know that I was once considered just a dreamer... Then I paid my dues and turned so many doubters to believers...
Just like carpentry, measure twice cut once.
just remember: i love you, and love yourselves. 'cause, little monsters, you were born that way baby.
Just remember, you can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.
Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.
Kaladin screamed, reaching the end of the bridge. Finding a tiny surge of strength somewhere, he raised his spear and threw himself off the end of the wooden platform, launching into the air above the cavernous void.
Kalau lawan bicaramu mendengar dengan sepenuh hati, beban pikiranmu menjadi ringan. Kalau kamu tambah ruwet, meski yang mendengarkanmu tadi seolah serius mendengar, berarti dia tidak benar-benar hadir untukmu.
Kalau manusia sama sekali tidak pernah merasa putus asa, kita tidak akan tahu bagian mana dari diri kita yang tak sanggup kita singkirkan. Lalu kita akan tumbuh dewasa tanpa benar-benar mengerti apa saja yang bisa membuat kita gembira. Aku bahagia karena bisa menderita", Eriko (Kitchen)
Karate is a form of martial arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world.
Kebanyakan orang dapat bertahan hidup hanya jika mereka dapat melupakan realitas ini dan memusatkan diri ke yang lain: ke karier mereka, ke investasi, gelar, anak atau apa saja yang terlihat bertambah banyak.
Kecantikan yang abadi terletak pada keelokan adab dan ketinggian ilmu seseorang. Bukan terletak pada wajah dan pakaiannya.
Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden.
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.
Keep a promise.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
KEEP GOING.
Keep Going
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.
Keep me up till five because all your stars are out, and for no other reason...Oh dare to do it Buddy! Trust your heart. You're a deserving craftsman. It would never betray you. Good night. I'm feeling very much over-excited now, and a little dramatic, but I think I'd give almost anything on earth to see you writing a something, an anything, a poem, a tree, that was really and truly after your own heart.
Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.
Keep on keeping on.
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
Keep your feet on the ground, but let your heart soar as high as it will. Refuse to be average or to surrender to the chill of your spiritual environment.
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
Keep your head high but your heart soft.
Keep your mind open. The meaning of things lies in how people perceive them. The same thing could mean different meanings to the same people at different times.
Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.
Keinginan telah mengajarkan kepadamu betapa sia-sianya keinginan, penyesalan mengajarkan betapa sia-sianya penyesalan. Bersabarlah wahai kekeliruan, karena kami semua menjadi bagianmu. Bersabarlah wahai Ketidaksempurnaan, berkat engkaulah Kesempurnaan menyadari dirinya. Bersabarlah kemarahan, karena engkau tidak kekal abadi.
Kemampuan membaca itu sebuah rahmat. Kegemaran membaca; sebuah kebahagiaan.
kenangan itu cuma hantu di sudut pikir. selama kita diam dan ngga berbuat apa-apa, selamanya dia tetap jadi hantu, ngga akan pernah jadi kenyataan.
Kendati batas antara kebebasan dan ketidakpedulian terkadang saru
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Kindness is not a business. True kindness expects nothing in return and should never act with conditions.
Kindness is the highest form of prayer for it reflects the inner longing for universal love.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Kitalah planet yang hidup itu, Sophie! Kitalah kapal besar yang berlayar mengelilingi matahari yang membakar alam raya. Tapi kita masing-masing adalah juga sebuah kapal bermuatan gen-gen yang melayari kehidupan. Jika kita sudah membawa muatan ini dengan selamat ke pelabuhan berikut --berarti hidup kita tidak sia-sia.
Kita melahirkan dan dilahirkan oleh sebuah jiwa yang tidak kita kenal
Knock the 't' off the 'can't'
Know from whence you came. If you know whence you came, there are absolutely no limitations to where you can go.
Knowing and not doing are equal to not knowing at all.
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Knowing what must be done does away with fear.
Know in your heart that all things are possible. We couldn't conceive of a miracle if none had ever happened.
Knowledge and ego are directly related. the less knowledge, the greater the ego.
Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous.
Knowledge can be acquired by a suitable and complete study, no matter what the starting point is. Only one must know how to 'learn.' What is nearest to us is man; and you are the nearest of all men to yourself. Begin with the study of yourself; remember the saying 'Know thyself.
"Knowledge for its own sake"--that is the last snare laid by morality: we are thereby completely entangled in morals once more.
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.
Knowledge is power is time is money.
Knowledge is responsibility, which is why people resist knowledge.
Knowledge subverts love: in proportion as we penetrate our secrets, we come to loathe our kind, precisely because they resemble us.
Knowledge without wisdom can be dangerous.
Know or listen to those who know.
Know thyself.
Know thyself? If I knew myself, I'd run away.
know what you want, work to get it, then value it once you have it.
Know you not that a good man does nothing for appearance sake, but for the sake of having done right?
Kung matatakot kang harapin ang totoo at sabihin ang talagang nararamdaman mo dahil baka masaktan ka, isa lang ibig sabihin noon: ipinagkait mo na sa sarili mo ang pagiging masaya at kinarir mo ang magpakatanga.
Labels only destroy the world and disrupt peace.
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.
La connaissance d'un dfaut ne l'enlve pas, elle nous torture jusqu' sa correction.
Ladies and gentlemen of the class of '97:
Lady Gaga is the present and the future. She is the most revolutionary and inspirational artist. She is fearless and daring.
La memoria es como libro en el cual se escribe toda nuestra vida. Algunas veces deseamos cerrarlo y olvidarlo para no recordar todos los escabrosos detalles, y otras veces deseamos abrirlo y observarlo detenidamente, queriendo volver a sentir lo mismo que sentimos en aquel momento.
Language disguises thought.
La prueba de ausencia no es prueba de ausencia
Last night
Last night I was seriously considering whether I was a bisexual or not but I don't think so though I'm not sure if I'd like to be and argh I don't think there's anything wrong with that, if you like a person, you like the person, not their genitals.
Later on in life, you expect a bit of rest, don't you? You think you deserve it. I did, anyway. But then you begin to understand that the reward of merit is not life's business.
Latter-day capitalism. Like it or not, it's the society we live in. Even the standard of right and wrong has been subdivided, made sophisticated. Within good, there's fashionable good and unfashionable good, and ditto for bad. Within fashionable good, there's formal and then there's casual; there's hip, there's cool, there's trendy, there's snobbish. Mix 'n' match. Like pulling on a Missoni sweater over Trussardi slacks and Pollini shoes, you can now enjoy hybrid styles of morality. It's the way of the world -- philosophy starting to look more and more like business administration.
Laugh at yourself, but don't ever aim your doubt at yourself. Be bold. When you embark for strange places, don't leave any of yourself safely on shore. Have the nerve to go into unexplored territory.
Laugh loudly, laugh often.
Laughter is carbonated holiness.
Laughter is the antidote to existential pain
Laughter is the hand of God on the shoulder of a troubled world.
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.
LAW 25
LAW 38
LAW 4
Laws die, books never.
Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Leadership means that a group, large or small, is willing to entrust authority to a person who has shown judgment, wisdom, personal appeal, and proven competence.
Leaders live by choice, not by accident.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
Leap, and the net will appear.
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
Learn as if you were not reaching your goal and as though you were scared of missing it
Learned we may be with another man's learning: we can only be wise with wisdom of our own.
Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can - there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.
Learning and innovation go hand in hand. The arrogance of success is to think that what you did yesterday will be sufficient for tomorrow.
Learning does not make one learned: there are those who have knowledge and those who have understanding. The first requires memory and the second philosophy.
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Learning is what most adults will do for a living in the 21st century.
Learning to celebrate success is a key component of learning how to win in the market.
Learning to distance yourself from all the negativity is one of the greatest lessons to achieve inner peace.
Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone's life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.
Leave the door open for the unknown, the door into the dark. That's where the most important things come from, where you yourself came from, and where you will go.
Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.
Leaving your religion and having to invent your own system of values is a big deal, after all.
Le Corbusier was the sort of relentlessly rational intellectual that only France loves wholeheartedly, the logician who flies higher and higher in ever-decreasing concentric circles until, with one last, utterly inevitable induction, he disappears up his own fundamental aperture and emerges in the fourth dimension as a needle-thin umber bird.
Lee's great gifts are teaching and inspirational guidance, not administration and management.
Lend me your ears and you can borrow my mind
Lent comes providentially to reawaken us, to shake us from our lethargy.
Leopards may change their spots, but bullies will always show their true colors.
Les hommes construisent trop de murs et pas assez de ponts.
Let Actions Do Your Talkin For You, (Unless Your Telling A Good Dirty Joke)
Let children read whatever they want and then talk about it with them. If parents and kids can talk together, we won't have as much censorship because we won't have as much fear.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
Let education kindle only those which are truly beneficial
Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close.
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.
Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.
Let go of something old that no longer serves you to make room for something new.
Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
Let mental culture go on advancing, let the natural sciences progress in even greater extent and depth, and the human mind widen itself as much as it desires: beyond the elevation and moral culture of Christianity, as it shines forth in the Gospels, it will not go.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goals: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
Let no one delay the study of philosophy while young nor weary of it when old.
Let not the rash marble risk
Let our New Year's resolution be this: we will be there for one another as fellow members of humanity, in the finest sense of the word.
Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.
Let's say I have a mystical soul and a rational brain, and, like Montaigne, I am incapable of choosing between them. I don't know if I believe in God, but I am often tempted to believe.
Let's start a new tomorrow, today.
Let's think the unthinkable, let's do the undoable. Let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all.
Let the beauty that we love be what we do.
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.
Let the love of the moon kiss you good night,
Let them call me a rebel and welcome. I feel no concern from it. But should I suffer the misery of devils, were I to make a whore of my soul.
let the speaker speak truly and the judge decide justly.
Let those who want to save the world if you can get to see it clear and as a whole. Then any part you make will represent the whole if it's made truly. The thing to do is work and learn to make it.
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.
Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.
Let us labor for an inward stillness--
Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.
Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.
Let us not only fall in love, let us live life as if life is our love affair.
Let us pick up our books and our pens," I said. "They are our most powerful weapons. One child, one teacher, one book and one pen can change the world.
Let us pick up our books and our pens, they are the most powerful weapons.
Let us realize that: the privilege to work is a gift, the power to work is a blessing, the love of work is success!
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.
Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn't learn a lot at least we learned a little, and if we didn't learn a little, at least we didn't get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn't die; so, let us all be thankful.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
Let us tenderly and kindly cherish, therefore, the means of knowledge. Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write.
Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we are born selfish. Let us understand what our own selfish genes are up to, because we may then at least have the chance to upset their designs, something that no other species has ever aspired to do.
Let whoever can do so deceive me, he will never bring it about that I am nothing, so long as I continue to think I am something.
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
Let yourself be open and life will be easier.
Liberty lies in the hearts of men and women; when it dies there, no constitution, no law, no court can save it; no constitution, no law, no court can even do much to help it. The spirit of liberty is the spirit which is not too sure that it is right; the spirit of liberty is the spirit which seeks to understand the minds of other men and women; the spirit of liberty is the spirit which weighs their interests alongside its own without bias.
Libraries store the energy that fuels the imagination. They open up windows to the world and inspire us to explore and achieve, and contribute to improving our quality of life. Libraries change lives for the better.
Life affords no higher pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties, passing from one step of success to another, forming new wishes and seeing them gratified.
Life always involves some logic in its manifestations, and logic, as a rule, excludes the versatility of life from its considerations.
Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier.
Life before Death.
Life begins on the other side of despair.
Life brings simple pleasures to us every day. It is up to us to make them wonderful memories.
Life consists of two days, one for you one against you. So when it's for you don't be proud or reckless, and when it's against you be patient, for both days are test for you.
Life consists of what man is thinking about all day.
Life did not stop, and one had to live.
Life does not end at 21, it only gets better.
Life doesn't get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.
Life doesn't just happen to you; you
Life doesn't run away from nobody. Life runs at people.
Life goes up and life goes down.
Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not.
Life has meaning only if one barters it day by day for something other than itself.
Life has no remote....get up and change it yourself!
Life has no victims. There are no victims in this life.
Life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent of how I react to it.
Life is 10 percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Life is a bitter sweet journey my friend, a bitter sweet journey.
Life is a book. We fill the pages.
Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.
Life is a complex
Life is a daring adventure or it is nothing at all.
Life is a funny thing. We only get so many years to live it, so we have to do everything we can to make sure those years are as full as they can be. We shouldn't waste time on things that might happen someday, or maybe even never.
Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.
Life is a journey, not a destination; there are no mistakes, just chances we've taken.
Life is All About How you Handle Plan B
Life is a magical game so play it with love.
Life is a magical journey, so travel endlessly to unfold its profound and heart touching beauty.
Life is an essay you yourself have to write, start to finish.
Life... is a paradise to what we fear of death.
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.
Life is a series of problem-solving opportunities. The problems you face will either defeat you or develop you depending on how you respond to them.
Life is a series of punches. It presents a lot of challenges. It presents a lot of hardship, but the people that are able to take those punches and able to move forward are the ones that really do have a lot of success and have a lot of joy in their life and have a lot of stories to tell, too.
Life is a series of surprises and would not be worth taking or keeping if it were not.
Life is at its best when everything has fallen out of place, and you decide that you're going to fight to get them right, not when everything is going your way and everyone is praising you.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.
Life is funny. Things change, people change, but you will always be you, so stay true to yourself and never sacrifice who you are for anyone.
Life is going to give you just what you put in it. Put your whole heart in everything you do, and pray, then you can wait.
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
Life is less about what you do, and more about how and why you do those things. This is called character.
Life is like a play: it's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.
Life is like riding a bicycle. In order to maintain balance, you must keep moving.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Life is like yoga; the only way you can enjoy it is by relaxing into any position you happen to find yourself in.
Life is made of so many moments that mean nothing. Then one day, a single moment comes along to define every second that comes after. Such moments are tests of courage, of strength.
Life is magical for those whose hearts are loving, minds are full with joy, and eyes that are dancing with beauty.
Life is magical when you are drunk with love.
Life is much more successfully looked at from a single window.
Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it on to future generations.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Life is not a struggle, but a wiggle.
Life is not fair; get used to it.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being.
Life isn't about having, it's about being. You could surround yourself with all that money can buy, and you'd still be as miserable as a human can be. I know people with perfect bodies who don't have half the happiness I've found. On my journeys I've seen more joy in the slums of Mumbai and the orphanages of Africa than in wealthy gated communities and on sprawling estates worth millions. Why is that? You'll find contentment when your talents and passion are completely engaged, in full force. Recognise instant self-gratification for what it is. Resist the temptation to grab for material objects like the perfect house, the coolest clothes or the hottest car. The if I just had X, I would be happy syndrome is a mass delusion. When you look for happiness in mere objects, they are never enough. Look around. Look within.
Life isn't always fair. Some people are born into better environments. Some people have better genetics. Some are in the right place at the right time. If you're trying to change your life, all of this is irrelevant. All that matters is that you accept where you are, figure out where you want to be, and then do what you can, today and every day, to hold your head high and keep moving forward.
Life is one fool thing after another whereas love is two fool things after each other.
Life is only precious because it ends, kid. Take it from a god. You mortals don't know how lucky you are
Life is ours to be spent, not to
Life is painful. It has thorns, like the stem of a rose. Culture and art are the roses that bloom on the stem. The flower is yourself, your humanity. Art is the liberation of the humanity inside yourself.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Life is short, and the world is wide.
Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are traveling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.
Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.
Life is short. Focus on what really matters most; you should change your priorities over time.
Life is short. If you doubt me, ask a butterfly. Their average life span is a mere five to fourteen days.
Life is short. Kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly
Life is the greatest of all mysteries, and though I seek to solve its many riddles, my deepest fear is that I will succeed.
Life is too short to waste any amount of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the first place, if they had better things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself.
Life is too short to waste your time on people who don't respect, appreciate, and value you.
Life is tough but so are you.
life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity,
Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat.
Life is undoubtedly born of biology, but if a lifeform strictly constructs all its perception living inside the ship-shape well of biology, despite having developed the brain capacity to be beyond it, then it is a disgusting mockery of life itself.
Life is very short, and there's no time for fussing and fighting my friends
Life is wasted on the living.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
Life is what you portrait it!
Life: It is better not to wrap philosophy around such an inconceivable evolving beautiful mystery. If based on perception, alone; whatever the conclusion - it is still guessing.
Life keeps throwing me lemons because I make the best lemonade...
Life may have no meaning. Or even worse, it may have a meaning of which I disapprove.
Life might take you down different roads. But each of you gets to decide which one to take.
Life moves on, whether we act as cowards or heroes. Life has no other discipline to impose, if we would but realize it, than to accept life unquestioningly. Everything we shut our eyes to, everything we run away from, everything we deny, denigrate or despise, serves to defeat us in the end. What seems nasty, painful, evil, can become a source of beauty, joy, and strength, if faced with an open mind. Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
Life offers no guarantees... just choices; no certainty... but consequences; no predictable outcomes... just the privilege of pursuit.
Life's blows cannot break a person whose spirit is warmed by the fire of enthusiasm.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
Life's great happiness is to be convinced we are loved.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
life's kind of like a painting. A really bizarre, abstract painting. You could look at it and think that all it is, is a blur. And you could continue living your life thinking that all it is, is just a blur. But if you really look at it, really see it, focus on it, and use your imagination, life can become so much more. The painting could be of the sea, the sky, people,buildings, a butterfly on a flower, or anything except the blur you were once convinced it was.
Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.
Lifes like a painters palette, just when you've got everything worked out the colours change
Life's managed, not cured.
Life's reward will be yours.
Life's too mysterious, don't take it serious.
Life's too mysterious to take too serious.
Life's tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late.
Life sucks, and then you die...
Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.
Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
Life will hit you hard in the face, wait for you to get back up just so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air.
Life will not change if you change the content of your life. It will change if you change the context of your thoughts about your life.
Light a candle instead of cursing the darkness.
Light in comparison with darkness is a void.
Light is more important than the lantern,
Light tomorrow with today!
Like all magnificent things, it's very simple.
Like a missing tooth, sometimes an absence is more noticeable than a presence.
Like apes, we breed, sleep, and die. Yet like God we say, "I am." We are ontological oxymorons.
Like a wild animal, the soul is tough, resilient, resourceful, savvy, and self-sufficient: it knows how to survive in hard places. I learned about these qualities during my bouts with depression. In that deadly darkness, the faculties I had always depended on collapsed. My intellect was useless; my emotions were dead; my will was impotent; my ego was shattered. But from time to time, deep in the thickets of my inner wilderness, I could sense the presence of something that knew how to stay alive even when the rest of me wanted to die. That something was my tough and tenacious soul.
Like melting ice, melt within to purify yourself and to gain the power of purity and humility.
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.
Like the moon without her nights. Like the stars without their lights.
Like the United Nations, there is something inspirational about New York as a great melting pot of different cultures and traditions. And if this is the city that never sleeps, the United Nations works tirelessly, around the clock around the world.
Limitations live only in our minds.  But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
Linux is only free if your time has no value.
LISP has been jokingly described as "the most intelligent way to misuse a computer". I think that description a great compliment because it transmits the full flavor of liberation: it has assisted a number of our most gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts.
Lisp is a programmable programming language.
Lisp programmers know the value of everything but the cost of nothing.
Listen, God love everything you love - and a mess of stuff you don't. But more than anything else, God love admiration.
Listening is an attitude of the heart, a genuine desire to be with another which both attracts and heals.
Listen." Jennifer reverted, "I didn't mean anything by all of that before. I understand what you were trying to do and ..." She struggled for the right words. "Sweetie, like love, people don't live inside of life, life lives inside of you. Open yourself up to it and there's no stopping your heart.
Listen, not with your ears, with your heart.
Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
Listen to your life. See it for the fathomless mystery it is. In the boredom and pain of it, no less than in the excitement and gladness: touch, taste, smell your way to the holy and hidden heart of it, because in the last analysis all moments are key moments, and life itself is grace.
Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don't listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don't listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what's behind the words.
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them.
Live all you can: it's a mistake not to. It doesn't matter what you do in particular, so long as you have had your life. If you haven't had that, what have you had?
Live all you can - it's a mistake not to. It doesn't so much matter what you do in particular, so long as you have your life. If you haven't had that, what have you had?
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Live authentically. Why would you continue to compromise something that's beautiful to create something that is fake?
Live boldly. Push yourself. Don't settle.
Live fast. Die young. Be wild. Have fun.
Live in the present, remember the past, and fear not the future, for it doesn't exist and never shall. There is only now.
Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.
Live like a tree, giving, forgiving and free.
Live the Life of Your Dreams
Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
Live today. Not yesterday. Not tomorrow. Just today. Inhabit your moments. Don't rent them out to tomorrow.
Live today. Not yesterday. Not tomorrow. Just today. Inhabit your moments. Don't rent them out to tomorrow. Do you know what you're doing when you spend a moment wondering how things are going to turn out with Perry?
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
Live your life from your heart. Share from your heart. And your story will touch and heal people's souls.
Live your life, no matter what that life is.
Living a life fully engaged and full of whimsy and the kind of things that love does is something most people plan to do, but along the way they just kind of forget. Their dreams become one of those "we'll go there next time" deferrals. The sad thing is, for many there is no "next time" because passing on the chance to cross over is an overall attitude toward life rather than a single decision.
living eulogy.
Living never wore one so much as the effort not to live.
Living well is an art that can be developed: a love of life and ability to take great pleasure from small offerings and assurance that the world owes you nothing and that every gift is exactly that, a gift.
Logic in all its infinite potential, is the most dangerous of vices. For one can always find some form of logic to justify his action, and rest comfortably in the assurance, that what he did abides by reason. That is why, for us brittle beings, Intention is the only true weapon of peace.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Logika adalah keadilan dan dialektika adalah kebijaksanaan
Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty.
Long before Orville
Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there--on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.
Look at a football field. It looks like a big movie screen. This is theatre. Football combines the strategy of chess. It's part ballet. It's part battleground, part playground. We clarify, amplify and glorify the game with our footage, the narration and that music, and in the end create an inspirational piece of footage.
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time.
Look at the mirror, and you will find the love of your lifetime.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
Look at what you've got and make the best of it. It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future too.
Look for someone's strength instead of weakness.
Look for the good and praise it.
Look, girls know when they're cute," he said. "You don't have to tell them. All they need to do is look in the mirror. I have one friend out in New York, an attorney. She moved out there after the school year to take the bar. She doesn't have a job. I was like, 'How are you going to get a job there in this market?' And she's like, 'I'll wink and I'll smile.' She's a pretty girl. Whether that works despite her poor grades is yet to be seen.
Look. If I touch you with this hand, I can remember touching you, but I can't prove I ever did. If reality is nothing more than what is in our mind...then what is the difference between this world and a dream?
Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind.
Look in the MIRROR...
Look in the mirror and say, 'There is none other like you and for that reason alone you are beautiful.
Look in the mirror... That's your competition.
Look not mournfully into the past, it comes not back again. Wisely improve the present, it is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future without fear and with a manly heart.
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.
LORD ILLINGWORTH: The soul is born old but grows young. That is the comedy of life.
Lord knows, every day is not a success, every year is not a success. You have to celebrate the good.
Lost coins only make everyone else's coins worth slightly more.  Think of it as a donation to everyone.
Louis Pasteur's theory of germs is ridiculous fiction.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
Love art in yourself, and not yourself in art.
Love as a concrete foundation for an authentically functional civilization requires the around-the-clock labors of forgiveness. Without it, Love fails, Friendship fails, Intelligence fails, Humanity: fails.
Love as if everyone is your brother or sister. Take care of this world as if it is your beloved home.
Love: a single word, a wispy thing, a word no bigger or longer than an edge. That's what it is: an edge; a razor. It draws up through the center of your life, cutting everything in two. Before and after. The rest of the world falls away on either side.
Love because it is the only true adventure.
Love, being in love, isn't a constant thing. It doesn't always flow at the same strength. It's not always like a river in flood. It's more like the sea. It has tides, it ebbs and flows. The thing is, when love is real, whether it's ebbing or flowing, it's always there, it never goes away. And that's the only proof you can have that it is real, and not just a crush or an infatuation or a passing fancy
Love brings to light the noble and hidden qualities of a lover--his rare and exceptional traits: it is thus liable to be deceptive as to his normal character.
Love consists in this, that its own should be another's; to feel the joy of another as joy in oneself, that is loving.
Love cures people, both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
Love delayed is lust augmented.
Love demands everything, they say, but my love demands only this: that no matter what happens or how long it takes, you`ll keep faith in me, you`ll remember who we are, and you`ll never feel despair.
Love doesn't come in a box.
Love doesn't have to be on Valentine's Day. It doesn't have to be by the time you turn eighteen or thirty-three or fifty-nine. It doesn't have to conform to whatever is usual. It doesn't have to be kismet at once, or rhapsody by the third day.
Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.
Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of its trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse for impossibility, for it thinks all things are lawful for itself and all things are possible
Love fire lit me today.
Love gives you eyes.
Love has no limitations. It cannot be measured. It has no boundaries. Although many have tried, love is indefinable.
Love is a chemical reaction,
Love is a cowboy's hardest ride.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly, and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love.
Love is an expression and assertion of self-esteem, a response to one's own values in the person of another.
Love is an infinite attraction with infinite power.
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
Love is like a good cake; you never know when it's coming, but you'd better eat it when it does!
Love is like war, easy to begin but hard to stop.
Love is my inner strength and my power.
Love is not a relationship, love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else. One is not "in love", one is love. And of course when one is love, one is in love -- but that is an outcome, a by-product, that is not the source. The source is that one is love.
Love isn't always a physical emotion. Sometimes it's the ones who never got to actually hold you in their arms that appreciate you for who you are
Love is our most unifying and empowering common spiritual denominator. The more we ignore its potential to bring greater balance and deeper meaning to human existence, the more likely we are to continue to define history as one long inglorious record of man's inhumanity to man.
Love is patient; love is kind and envies no one. Love is never boastful, nor conceited, nor rude; never selfish, not quick to take offense. Love keeps no score of wrongs; does not gloat over other men's sins, but delights in the truth. There is nothing love cannot face; there is no limit to its faith, its hope, and endurance. [....] In a word, there are three things that last forever: faith, hope, and love; but the greatest of them all is love.
Love is patient, Love is Kind, it does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud.
Love is the only thing that is permanent in this world of ours.
Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.
Love is too precious to be ashamed of.
Love, I think, is a gateway to the world, not an escape from it.
Love itself is what is left over when being "in love" has burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident.
Love life and life will love you back. Love people and they will love you back.
Love life, Live Love
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
love make us poets, and the approach of death should make us philosophers.
Love means never having to be apart
Love means never having to say you're sorry.
Love me or hate me I promise that it will never make or break me...
Love me or hate me, i swear it won't make or break me.
Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
Love never reasons but profusely gives; gives, like a thoughtless prodigal, its all, and trembles lest it has done too little.
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination, full of hope.
Love so joyfully and freely given can never be taken away. It is never truly gone.
Love stories are written in millimeters and milliseconds with a fast, dull pencil whose marks you can barely see, they are written in miles and eons with a chisel on the side of a mountiantop
Love taught me to die with dignity that I might come forth anew in splendor. Born once of flesh, then again of fire, I was reborn a third time to the sound of my name humming haikus in heaven's mouth.
Love the moment and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
Love the moment. Flowers grow out of dark moments. Therefore, each moment is vital. It affects the whole. Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed.
Love the trees until their leaves fall off, then encourage them to try again next year.
Love those you hate you.
Love to one only is a barbarity, for it is exercised at the expense of all others. Love to God also!
Love was that way. You could not render it in black or white. It always came down to the strange, blended shades of grey.
Love will never let you down, if you don't give it up
Love your life. Because your life is what you have to give.
Love yourself, accept yourself, forgive yourself, and be good to yourself, because without you the rest of us are without a source of many wonderful things.
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. Your really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
Loyalty and obedience to wisdom and justice are fine; but it is still finer to defy arbitrary power, unjustly and cruelly used--not on behalf of ourselves, but on behalf of others more helpless.
Loyalty is a feature in a boy's character that inspires boundless hope.
Luck can only get you so far.
Luck? I don't know anything about luck. I've never banked on it, and I'm afraid of people who do. Luck to me is something else: hard work.
Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Luck is where opportunity meets preparation.
Luck is where preparation meets opportunity.
Luxury is the wolf at the door and its fangs are the vanities and conceits germinated by success. When an artist learns this, he knows where the danger is.
Madness and chaos are self-destructing but over thinking is the suicide.
Madness takes its toll. Please have exact change.
Magic Mirror on the wall, who is the fairest one of all?
Maintain composure in times of heightened emotion, reacting only when thoughts are calm and clear. Being sensible will open doors for solutions and creativity.
Makakapili ka ng lugar na uupuan mo, pero hindi mo mapipili ang taong uupo sa puwang sa tabi mo... Ganyan ang senaryo sa bus. Ganyan din sa pag-ibig... Lalong 'di mo kontrolado kung kelan siya bababa.
Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share.
Make a spurious division of one process into two, forget that you have done it, and then puzzle for centuries as to how the two get together.
Make every effort to change things you do not like. If you cannot make a change, change the way you have been thinking. You might find a new solution.
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.
Make life easier by living in the present and believing in the future.
Make no small plans for they have no power to stir the soul.
Make the decision, make it with confidence, and the world will be yours.
Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.
Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.
Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
Make the most of yourself....for that is all there is of you.
Make today worth remembering.
Make treating yourself a priority and always remember your life is happening now. Don't put off all your dreams and pleasures to another day. In any balanced personal definition of success there has to be a powerful element of living life in the present.
Make visible what, without you, might perhaps never have been seen.
Make voyages. Attempt them. There's nothing else.
Make your interactions with people transformational, not just transactional.
Make your life a mission, not an intermission.
Making All Software Into Tools Reduces Risk.
making myself miserable about my mistakes. That doesn't work. So will take notes from that, put it behind me, move on
Making others happy, through kindness of speech and sincerity of right advice, is a sign of true greatness. To hurt another soul by sarcastic words, looks, or suggestions, is despicable.
Maktub" (It is written.)
Male zebras have white stripes, female zebras have black stripes.
Mama says, 'Stupid is as stupid does.'
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Man cannot possess anything as long as he fears death. But to him who does not fear it, everything belongs. If there was no suffering, man would not know his limits, would not know himself.
Man has created woman--out of what? Out of a rib of his god--of his "ideal."
Man in general, if reduced to himself, is too wicked to be free.
Man is able to decide for or against reason, he is able to create beyond reason or to destroy below reason
Man is always prey to his truths. Once he has admitted them, he cannot free himself from them.
Man is a mystery. It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, don't say that you've wasted time. I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being.
Man is an end in himself.
Man is but a reed, the most feeble thing in nature; but he is a thinking reed.
Man is conceived in sin and born in corruption and he passeth from the stink of the didie to the stench of the shroud. There is always something
Man is free at the instant he wants to be.
Man is ignorant to the ways of the universe, but the universe knows man all too well.
Man is no longer an artist, he has become a work of art.
Man is not born to solve the problem of the universe, but to find out what he has to do; and to restrain himself within the limits of his comprehension.
Man is so made that when anything fires his soul, impossibilities vanish.
Man is, that he may have Joy.
Man is the measure of all things', said the Sophist Protagora (c. 485-410 B.C.). By that he meant that the question of whether a thing is right or wrong, good or bad, must always be considered in relation to a person's needs.
Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits. Yet he is lord of all the animals. He sets them to work, he gives back to them the bare minimum that will prevent them from starving, and the rest he keeps for himself.
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.
Man jadda wajada
Mankind flung its advance agents ever outward, ever outward. Eventually it flung them out into space, into the colorless, tasteless, weightless sea of outwardness without end.
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
Manlius ... took care in his invitations, actively sought to exclude from his circle crude and vulgar men like Caius Valerius. But they were all around; it was Manlius who lived in a dream world, and his bubble of civility was becoming smaller and smaller. Caius Valerius, powerful member of a powerful family, had never even heard of Plato. A hundred, even fifty years before, such an absurdity would have been inconceivable. Now it was surprising if such a man did know anything of philosophy, and even if it was explained, he would not wish to understand.
Man made God in his own image...
Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success.
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
Man's mind is his basic tool of survival. Life is given to him, survival is not. His body is given to him, its sustenance is not. His mind is given to him, its content is not. To remain alive, he must act, and before he can act he must know the nature and purpose of his action. He cannot obtain his food without a knowledge of food and of the way to obtain it. He cannot dig a ditch -- or build a cyclotron -- without a knowledge of his aim and of the means to achieve it. To remain alive, he must think.
Man's mind stretched to a new idea never goes back to its original dimensions.
Man's naked form belongs to no particular moment in history; it is eternal, and can be looked upon with joy by the people of all ages.
Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun.
Man was born for society. However little He may be attached to the World, He never can wholly forget it, or bear to be wholly forgotten by it. Disgusted at the guilt or absurdity of Mankind, the Misanthrope flies from it: He resolves to become an Hermit, and buries himself in the Cavern of some gloomy Rock. While Hate inflames his bosom, possibly He may feel contented with his situation: But when his passions begin to cool; when Time has mellowed his sorrows, and healed those wounds which He bore with him to his solitude, think you that Content becomes his Companion? Ah! no, Rosario. No longer sustained by the violence of his passions, He feels all the monotony of his way of living, and his heart becomes the prey of Ennui and weariness. He looks round, and finds himself alone in the Universe: The love of society revives in his bosom, and He pants to return to that world which He has abandoned. Nature loses all her charms in his eyes: No one is near him to point out her beauties, or share in his admiration of her excellence and variety. Propped upon the fragment of some Rock, He gazes upon the tumbling waterfall with a vacant eye, He views without emotion the glory of the setting Sun. Slowly He returns to his Cell at Evening, for no one there is anxious for his arrival; He has no comfort in his solitary unsavoury meal: He throws himself upon his couch of Moss despondent and dissatisfied, and wakes only to pass a day as joyless, as monotonous as the former.
Man will occassionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.
Many a peacock hides his tail from every eye--and calls it his pride.
Many are called but few get up.
Many are harmed by fear itself, and many may have come to their fate while dreading fate.
Many individuals are doing what they can. But real success can only come if there is a change in our societies and in our economics and in our politics.
Many married women who have deliberately spurned the "hour" of childbearing are unhappy and frustrated. They never discovered the joys of marriage because they refused to surrender to the obligation of their state. In saving themselves, they lost themselves!
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Many of our most serious conflicts are conflicts within ourselves. Those who suppose their judgements are always consistent are unreflective or dogmatic.
Many of us are slaves to our minds. Our own mind is our worst enemy. We try to focus, and our mind wanders off. We try to keep stress at bay, but anxiety keeps us awake at night. We try to be good to the people we love, but then we forget them and put ourselves first. And when we want to change our life, we dive into spiritual practice and expect quick results, only to lose focus after the honeymoon has worn off. We return to our state of bewilderment. We're left feeling helpless and discouraged. It seems we all agree that training the body through exercise, diet, and relaxation is a good idea, but why don't we think about training our minds?
Many people pray to be kept out of unexpected problems.
Many people say I'm the best women's soccer player in the world. I don't think so. And because of that, someday I just might be.
Many people will try to Sell you a Dream, its Your place to let them know you Already have one.
Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
Many receive advice; few profit by it.
Many small people, in many small places, do many small things, that can alter the face of the world.
Many waters cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it. What then kills love? Only this: Neglect.
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path.
Marriage can be made to work if both the partners can see beyond themselves and understand the limitations,needs and abilities of the other person and are willing to embrace the positive and negative aspects of each other in their understanding.
Marvin's Motivational Moments actually started as something that was actually therapeutic for me. I would sit up late at night after my wife passed trying to adjust to being alone.
Material wealth can be bad for your health.
Mathematicians finally developed a financial model to accurately compare apples and oranges. Any two kinds of fruit can be compared, although guavas still cause minor rounding errors.
Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.
Maybe each human being lives in a unique world, a private world different from those inhabited and experienced by all other humans. . . If reality differs from person to person, can we speak of reality singular, or shouldn't we really be talking about plural realities? And if there are plural realities, are some more true (more real) than others? What about the world of a schizophrenic? Maybe it's as real as our world. Maybe we cannot say that we are in touch with reality and he is not, but should instead say, His reality is so different from ours that he can't explain his to us, and we can't explain ours to him. The problem, then, is that if subjective worlds are experienced too differently, there occurs a breakdown in communication ... and there is the real illness.
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.
Maybe I'm strange and perverse, but I've always thought there was something sexy about a compelling argument.
Maybe I should have gone into politics. If you were a political activist, election season brought moments of intensity, whichever side you were on, and meanwhile here I was inarguably withering away,
Maybe it just means that love can be stronger than fear.
Maybe love was meant to save us from ourselves.
Maybe man is nothing in particular,' Cross said gropingly. 'Maybe that's the terror of it. Man may be just anything at all. And maybe man deep down suspects this, really knows this, kind of dreams that it is true; but at the same time he does not want really to know it? May not human life on this earth be a kind of frozen fear of man at what he could possibly be? And every move he makes might not these moves be just to hide this awful fact? To twist it into something which he feels would make him rest and breathe a little easier? What man is is perhaps too much to be borne by man...
Maybe 'Okay' will be our 'always'...
Maybe some things aren't meant to be known. maybe there just meant to be accepted.
Maybe sometimes we don't do the right thing because the wrong thing looks more dangerous, and we don't want to look scared, so we go and do the wrong thing just because it's dangerous. We're more concerned with not looking scared than with judging right.
Maybe that's it, with what you were talking about before. The world being broken. Maybe it isn't that we're supposed to find the pieces and put them back together. Maybe
Maybe this is why we read, and why in moments of darkness we return to books: to find words for what we already know.
Maybe we should always start everything from the inside and work to the outside, and not from the outside to the inside. What d'you think?
Maybe we shouldn't be looking for love. Maybe we should be looking for a person. Because maybe you can find love in a person, but not have that person. So if you look for love, what you will find is love. But if you want to belong to someone, and you want someone to belong to you, you should look for a person.
Maybe we've lived a thousand lives before this one and in each of them we've found each other... I know I've spent each life before this one searching for you. Not someone like you but you, for your soul and mine must always come together.
Maybe your country is only a place you make up in your own mind. Something you dream about and sing about. Maybe it's not a place on the map at all, but just a story full of people you meet and places you visit, full of books and films you've been to. I'm not afraid of being homesick and having no language to live in. I don't have to be like anyone else. I'm walking on the wall and nobody can stop me.
Maybe you think you'll be entitled to more happiness later by forgoing all of it now, but it doesn't work that way. Happiness takes as much practice as unhappiness does. It's by living that you live more. By waiting you wait more. Every waiting day makes your life a little less. Every lonely day makes you a little smaller. Every day you put off your life makes you less capable of living it.
May I never be complete. May I never be content. May I never be perfect.
May I share with you a formula that in my judgment will help you and help me to journey well through mortality... First, fill your mind with truth; second, fill your life with service; and third, fill your heart with love.
May Light always surround you;
May my heart be kind, my mind fierce, and my spirit brave.
May the fleas of a thousand camels invade the crotch of the person that ruins your day. And may their arms be to short too scratch
May the Force be with you.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
May the Furies tear out my tongue if I ever argue philosophy again.
May you have a good appetite.
May you live every day of your life.
May your home always be too small to hold all your friends.
Measure everything you can about the product, and you'll start seeing patterns.
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.
Media should be colorful in what it presents, but when it comes to the truth it should be black
Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divinity within you.
Meet the first beginnings. Look to the budding mischief before it has time to ripen to maturity.
Me, I've seen 45 years, and I've only figured out one thing. That's this: if a person would just make the effort, there's something to be learned from everything. From even the most ordinary, commonplace things, there's always something you can learn. I read somewhere that they said there's even different philosophies in razors. Fact is, if it weren't for that, nobody'd survive.
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others.
Men and women who turn their lives over to God will discover that He can make a lot more out of their lives than they can. He can deepen their joys, expand their vision, quicken their minds, strengthen their muscles, lift their spirits, multiply their blessings, increase their opportunities, comfort their soals, and pour out peace.
Men are from Earth, women are from Earth. Deal with it.
Men are made for happiness, and he who is completely happy has the right to say to himself, 'I am doing God's will on earth.
Men build too many walls and not enough bridges.
...mencintai itu, kadang mengumpulkan segala tabiat menyebalkan dari seseorang yang engkau cintai, memakinya, merasa tak sanggup lagi menjadi yang terbaik untuk dirinya, dan berpikir tak ada lagi jalan kembali, tapi tetap saja engkau tak sanggup benar-benar meninggalkannya.
Mendel had a remarkable nature as a boy. I'm not talking about miracles. Miracles are a burden for a tzaddik, not the proof of one. Miracles prove nothing except to those whose faith is bought very cheap, sir. There was something in Mendele. There was a fire.
Men exist for the sake of one another. Teach them then or bear with them.
Men have such a good opinion of themselves, of their mental superiority and intellectual depth; they believe themselves so skilled in discerning the true from the false, the path of safety from those of error, that they should be forbidden as much as possible the perusal of philosophic writings.
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction.
Men ought either to be well treated or crushed, because they can avenge themselves of lighter injuries, of more serious ones they cannot; therefore the injury that is to be done to a man ought to be of such a kind that one does not stand in fear of revenge.
Men prefer the foolish belief and the passions of the earth [to the enlightenment of their souls]. They believe the absurd and shrink from the truth."
Men seek retreats for themselves, houses in the country, sea-shores, and mountains; and thou too art wont to desire such things very much. But this is altogether a mark of the most common sort of men, for it is in thy power whenever thou shalt choose to retire into thyself. For nowhere either with more quiet or more freedom from trouble does a man retire than into his own soul, particularly when he has within him such thoughts that by looking into them he is immediately in perfect tranquility; and I affirm that tranquility is nothing else than the good ordering of the mind. Constantly then give to thyself this retreat, and renew thyself; and let thy principles be brief and fundamental, which, as soon as thou shalt recur to them, will be sufficient to cleanse the soul completely, and to send thee back free from all discontent with the things to which thou returnest. For with what art thou discontented? With the badness of men? Recall to thy mind this conclusion, that rational animals exist for one another, and that to endure is a part of justice, and that men do wrong involuntarily; and consider how many already, after mutual enmity, suspicion, hatred, and fighting, have been stretched dead, reduced to ashes; and be quiet at last.- But perhaps thou art dissatisfied with that which is assigned to thee out of the universe.- Recall to thy recollection this alternative; either there is providence or atoms, fortuitous concurrence of things; or remember the arguments by which it has been proved that the world is a kind of political community, and be quiet at last.- But perhaps corporeal things will still fasten upon thee.- Consider then further that the mind mingles not with the breath, whether moving gently or violently, when it has once drawn itself apart and discovered its own power, and think also of all that thou hast heard and assented to about pain and pleasure, and be quiet at last.- But perhaps the desire of the thing called fame will torment thee.- See how soon everything is forgotten, and look at the chaos of infinite time on each side of the present, and the emptiness of applause, and the changeableness and want of judgement in those who pretend to give praise, and the narrowness of the space within which it is circumscribed, and be quiet at last. For the whole earth is a point, and how small a nook in it is this thy dwelling, and how few are there in it, and what kind of people are they who will praise thee.
Men take care not to make women weep, for God counts their tears.
Men would no longer be victims of nature or of their own largely irrational societies: reason would triumph; universal harmonious cooperation, true history, would at last begin.
Mere philosophy will not satisfy us. We cannot reach the goal by mere words alone. Without practice, nothing can be achieved. (3)
Metaphysics means nothing but an unusually obstinate effort to think clearly. The fundamental conceptions of psychology are practically very clear to us, but theoretically they are very confused, and one easily makes the obscurest assumptions in this science without realizing, until challenged, what internal difficulties they involve.
Me with nothing left to lose, plotting my big revenge in the spotlight. Give me violent revenge fantasies as a coping mechanism.
Microsoft has had two goals in the last 10 years. One was to copy the Mac, and the other was to copy Lotus' success in the spreadsheet - basically, the applications business. And over the course of the last 10 years, Microsoft accomplished both of those goals. And now they are completely lost.
Millions saw the apple fall, Newton was the only one who asked why?
Millions yearn for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Minds, however, are conquered not by arms, but by love and nobility.
Mind you, the whole world is our family, and our family is our responsibility -- not of a bunch of so-called specialists. And this is not a glorified hypothetical ideal, rather it is an actuality.
Miracles are a retelling in small letters of the very same story which is written across the whole world in letters too large for some of us to see.
Miracles do not, in fact, break the laws of nature.
Misconceptions play a prominent role in my view of the world.
Miss Abbott, don't worry over me. Some people are born not to do things. I'm one of them.
Mistakes are a great educator when one is honest enough to admit them and willing to learn from them.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
Mistakes were made.
Misunderstanding is my cornerstone. It's everyone's, come to think of it. Illusions mistaken for truth are the pavement under our feet.
Mma Ramotswe had listened to a World Service broadcast on her radio one day which had simply taken her breath away. It was about philosophers who called themselves existentialists and who, as far as Mma Ramotswe could ascertain, lived in France. These French people said that you should just live in a way which made you feel real, and that the real thing to do was the right thing too. Mma Ramotswe had listened in astonishment. You did not have to go to France to meet existentialists, she reflected; there were many existentialists right here in Botswana. Note Mokoti, for example. She had been married to an existentialist herself, without even knowing it. Note, that selfish man who never once put himself out for another--not even for his wife--would have approved of existentialists, and they of him. It was very existentialist, perhaps, to go out to bars every night while your pregnant wife stayed at home, and even more existentialist to go off with girls--young existentialist girls--you met in bars. It was a good life being an existentialist, although not too good for all the other, nonexistentialist people around one.
Moderation is the feebleness and sloth of the soul, whereas ambition is the warmth and activity of it.
Modern bourgeois society with its relations of production, of exchange, and of property, a society that has conjured up such gigantic means of production and of exchange, is like the sorcerer, who is no longer able to control the powers of the nether world whom he has called up by his spells.
Molecules dissolve and pass away, but consciousness survives the death of the matter on which it rides.
Moments are the elements of profit
Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
Money does not guarantee success.
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people we personally dislike.
Morality is to Scriptures, what Innovation is to Comic-Books.
More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - including blind stupidity.
More powerful than the mighty armies is an idea whose time has come.
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.
More power than all the success slogans ever penned by human hand is the realization for every man that he has but one boss. That boss is the man - he - himself.
More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.
More than half of people who leave their jobs do so because of their relationship with their boss. Smart companies make certain their managers know how to balance being professional with being human. These are the bosses who celebrate an employee's success, empathize with those going through hard times, and challenge people, even when it hurts.
Most children don't know freedom, because their life is a never-ending debt to their parents.
Most don't deserve your tears... and the ones that do will never make you cry.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Most lives are not distinguished by great achievements. They are measured by an infinite number of small ones. Each time you do a kindness for someone or bring a smile to his face, it gives your life meaning. Never doubt your value, little friend. The world would be a dismal place without you in it. (tweaked version of a passage from Scandal in Spring)
Most men appear never to have considered what a house is, and are actually though needlessly poor all their lives because they think that they must have such a one as their neighbors have. As if one were to wear any sort of coat which the tailor might cut out for him, or gradually leaving off palm-leaf hat or cap of woodchuck skin, complain of hard times because he could not afford to buy him a crown! It is possible to invent a house still more convenient and luxurious than we have, which yet all would admit that man could not afford to pay for. Shall we always study to obtain more of these things, and not sometimes be content with less?
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.
Most of the movies are working like, 'Information,
Most of the propositions and questions to be found in philosophical works are not false but nonsensical.
...most of the time, all you have is the moment, and the imperfect love of the people around you.
Most of us form estimates of our intelligence, wisdom, and moral fiber that are considerably higher than an objective estimate would warrant; no doubt 90 percent of us think ourselves well above average along these lines.
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
Most of us have learned to be dispassionate about evil, to look it in the face and find, as often as not, our own grinning reflections with which we do not argue, but good is another matter. Few have stared at that long enough to accept that its face too is grotesque, that in us the good is something under construction. The modes of evil usually receive worthy expression. The modes of good have to be satisfied with a cliche or a smoothing down that will soften their real look.
Most of us lead far more meaningful lives than we know. Often finding meaning is not about doing things differently; it is about seeing familiar things in new ways.
Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.
Most of us try to do too much because we are secretly afraid we will not be able to do anything at all.
Most people die with their music still locked up inside them.
Most people give up just when they're about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown.
Most people think happiness is about gaining something, but it's not. It's all about getting rid of the darkness you accumulate.
Most success springs from an obstacle or failure. I became a cartoonist largely because I failed in my goal of becoming a successful executive.
Mother is a verb. It's something you do. Not just who you are.
Mother Nature doesn't set out to be beautiful. She just is.
Mother used to say that however miserable one is, there's always something to be thankful for. And each morning, when the sky brightened and light began to flood my cell, I agreed with her.
Motivation is knowing you are learning, growing, and succeeding toward your desired outcome while sustaining positive momentum.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent.
Move fast and break things. Unless you are breaking stuff, you are not moving fast enough.
Movies are hard work. The public doesn't see that. The critics don't see it. But they're a lot of work. A lot of work.
Mr. Franz, I think careers are a 20th century invention and I don't want one.
Mrs. Robinson, you're trying to seduce me, aren't you?
Mr. Trask, do you think the thoughts of people suddenly become important at a given age? Do you have sharper feelings or clearer thoughts now than when you were ten? Do you see as well, hear as well, taste as vitally?
Much effort, much prosperity.
...much theological discussion is wasted, not because the words used have no possible meaning, but because the people who use them don't mean anything by them.
Muhabbat apni marzi se khulay pinjray main totay ki tarha bethnay ki salaahiyat hai. Muhabbat is ghulami ka toq hai jo insaan khud apnay ekhtyar se galay main dalta hai
Muscles aching to work, minds aching to create - this is man.
Musical training is a more potent instrument than any other, because rhythm and harmony find their way into the inward places of the soul.
Music calms the soul and improves the plasticity, flexibility, and sensitivity of the perceptual world.
Music creates a bridge between our soul and the infinite.
Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words.
Music is ... A higher revelation than all Wisdom
Music is an agreeable harmony for the honor of God and the permissible delights of the soul.
Music is my religion.
Music is the effort we make to explain to ourselves how our brains work. We listen to Bach transfixed because this is listening to a human mind.
Music is the literature of the heart; it commences where speech ends.
Music melts all the separate parts of our bodies together.
Music, my rampart and my only one.
Mutual caring relationships require kindness and patience, tolerance, optimism, joy in the other's achievements, confidence in oneself, and the ability to give without undue thought of gain.
My actual life is a fact, in view of which I have no occasion to congratulate myself; but for my faith and aspiration I have respect. It is from these that I speak.
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher.
My atheism, like that of
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
My biggest success is getting over the things that have tried to destroy and take me out of this life. Those are my biggest successes. It has nothing to do with work.
My career started young and I was really ambitious, and then I had success and I hung out with people who were much older. I think I might have been temporally misplaced, so I thought I was 40. It was a premature midlife crisis.
My cat loves me. That's why he gives me fur balls.
My childhood, adolescence and high school days are unusually important. If there has ever been a time that I developed a uniqueness and sense of humor and the ability to organize, it was then. In those early days, I developed the skills that gave me a certain degree of success in American politics.
My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
My dad is too cute. Every morning, he sends me one motivational quote. I have a folder full of all his quotes.
My dad told me, 'It takes fifteen years to be an overnight success', and it took me seventeen and a half years.
My dear Watson," said [Sherlock Holmes], "I cannot agree with those who rank modesty among the virtues. To the logician all things should be seen exactly as they are, and to underestimate one's self is as much a departure from truth as to exaggerate one's own powers.
My definition of success is to live your life in a way that causes you to feel a ton of pleasure and very little pain - and because of your lifestyle, have the people around you feel a lot more pleasure than they do pain.
My depth has no depth
My desire and wish is that the things I start with should be so obvious that you wonder why I spend my time stating them. This is what I aim at because the point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it.
My existence began to worry me seriously. Was I not a simple spectre?
My experiences have taught me that things rarely improve with a simple change of scenery.
My experience with forgiveness is that it sort of comes spontaneously at a certain point and to try to force it it's not really forgiveness. It's Buddhist philosophy or something spiritual jargon that you're trying to live up to but you're just using it against yourself as a reason why you're not okay.
My family would be supportive if I said I wanted to be a Martian, wear only banana skins, make love to ashtrays, and eat tree bark.
My father chose my name , and my last name was chosen by my ancestors . That's enough, I myself choose my way
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person; he believed in me.
My father had taught me to be nice first, because you can always be mean later, but once you've been mean to someone, they won't believe the nice anymore. So be nice, be nice, until it's time to stop being nice, then destroy them.
My father, Oliver Hynes, was an educator. He was originally just a teacher, a very good one, but then he was promoted to be in charge of education for the entire area. He was always an inspirational teacher. He was my big personal supporter, always coming here for the Tony Awards. My mother, Carmel, was a homemaker.
My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man, a great role model.
My favourite scientific theory is that the rings of Saturn are made of lost airline luggage.
My first book was called, 'Mountain, Get Out of My Way,' where I did an autobiographical sketch, if you will, looking back at myself and looking back at things in my life, and juxtaposing them against things that are happening in other people's lives and trying to be motivational.
My first job was washing dishes in the basement of a nursing home for $2.10 an hour, and I learned as much about the value of hard work there as I ever did later.
My goal in coming to General Motors was to help restore profitability, build a strong market position and position this iconic company for success. We are clearly on that path.
My goal in my career is to inspire people, is to get my music out there and have people enjoy it, and have people think of me as an inspirational artist.
My greatest success story has been my family.
My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations.
My happiness is not the means to any end. It is the end. It is its own goal. It is its own purpose.
My heart is warm with the friends I make,
My heart knows what my mind only think it knows.
My heart might be bruised, but it will recover and become capable of seeing beauty of life once more. It's happened before, it will happen again, I'm sure. When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive--I'll find love again.
My heart, which is so full to overflowing, has often been solaced and refreshed by music when sick and weary.
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.
My initial goal for the 1984 opening ceremonies was a show that would be majestic, inspirational, and emotional - a 20 goosebump experience.
My life is very monotonous," the fox said. "I hunt chickens: men hunt me. All the chickens are just alike, and all the men are just alike. And, in consequence, I am a little bored. But if you tame me, it will be as if the sun came to shine on my life. I shall know the sound of a step that will be different from all the others. Other steps send me hurrying back underneath the ground. Yours will call me, like music, out of my burrow. And then look: you see the grain fields down yonder? The wheat fields have nothing to say to me. And that is sad. But you have hair that is the color of gold. Think how wonderful that will be when you have tamed me! The grain, which is also golden, will bring me back to the thought of you. And I shall love to listen to the wheat in the wind...
My life's in a mobile.
My long eyelashes are my punishment for being beautiful.
My love is something valuable to me which I ought not to throw away without reflection.
My mind is a lock pick always looking for another door to open. I often find those doors by exploring minds of others...
My mind's my kingdom.
My mind was formed by studying philosophy,
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
My name is Celaena Sardothien," she whispered, "and I will not be afraid.
My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius, commander of the Armies of the North, General of the Felix Legions and loyal servant to the true emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife. And I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next.
My name is Salmon, like the fish; first name, Susie. I was fourteen when I was murdered.
My only advice is to stay aware, listen carefully, and yell for help if you need it.
My only regrets are the moments when i doubted myself and took the safe route. Life is too short to waste time being unhappy.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
My parents are very proud of my success but still worry, as I'm in a profession where there is no guarantee of work. They have always supported my decision to go into acting, but there have been tough times work-wise.
My parents had always preached the virtues of hard work. But hard work is one thing; economic struggle is another.
My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.
My pet chicken refuses to go to KFC just in case he sees someone that he knows.
My philosophy, in essence, is the concept of man as a heroic being, with his own happiness as the moral purpose of his life, with productive achievement as his noblest activity, and reason as his only absolute.
My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success.
My precious.
My proudest achievement has been the success of the shows and artists I have been involved with, because they were made in Britain.
My reflection will never smile when the face in the mirror belongs to someone else.
My responsibility to myself, my neighbors, my family and the human family is to try to tell the truth.
My riches consist not in the extent of my possessions, but in the fewness of my wants.
My ship came in,then it sank!
My smile says it all.
My sources are unreliable, but their information is fascinating.
My store, Wine Library, outsells big national chains. How do you think we do it? It started with hustle. I always say that our success wasn't due to my hundreds of online videos about wine that went viral, but to the hours I spent talking to people online afterward, making connections and building relationships.
My success has been something I've worked a long time at and it's been a gradual process. I compare it to the idea of someone losing a lot of weight over a period of a few years. You don't really notice the weight loss overall but if you compare photos from then and now there's a big difference.
My success is not due to any personal superiority over other people.
My success isn't a result of arrogance - it's a result of belief.
My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day.
My success was due to good luck, hard work, and support and advice from friends and mentors. But most importantly, it depended on me to keep trying after I had failed.
My success was not based so much on any great intelligence but on great common sense.
My sun sets to rise again.
My supply of brain cells is finally down to a manageable size
My task, which I am trying to achieve is, by the power of the written word, to make you hear, to make you feel--it is, before all, to make you see.
My tastes and inspirational artists were always rather eclectic and diverse.
My teacher asked my favorite color. ... I said 'Rainbow'.... and I was punished to stand out of my class.
Myth is much more important and true than history. History is just journalism and you know how reliable that is.
My thoughts are birds without wings. My imagination and actions let them fly.
My view is that if your philosophy is not unsettled daily then you are blind to all the universe has to offer.
My work is loving the world.
My world is about stories that entertain; emotions that move; people you'll remember; literature that matters.
My young sisters, we have such hope for you. We have such great expectations for you. Don't settle for less than what the Lord wants you to be...
Nalaman kong habang lumalaki ka, maraming beses kang madadapa. Bumangon ka man ulit o hindi, magpapatuloy ang buhay, iikot ang mundo, at mauubos ang oras.
Napoleon said of Massena, that he was not himself until the battle began to go against him; then, when the dead began to fall in ranks around him, awoke his powers of combination, and he put on terror and victory as a robe. So it is in rugged crises, in unweariable endurance, and in aims which put sympathy out of question, that the angel is shown.
Natives who beat drums to drive off evil spirits are objects of scorn to smart Americans who blow horns to break up traffic jams.
Natives who beat drums to drive off evil spirits are objects of scorn to smart people who blow horns to break up traffic jams.
Nat: Maybe you broke something.
Nature, by example, shows us anything worthwhile comes over time. Anything worthwhile grows methodically, building on a strong foundation. Develop a willingness to carry on despite roadblocks.
Nature gave men two ends... one to sit on and one to think with. Ever since then man's success or failure has been dependent on the one he used most.
Nature has a way of evening the odds.
Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy
Nature, it seems, is the popular name
Naw, Jem. I think that there is just one kind of folks. Folks."
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Neckties strangle clear thinking.
Neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds.
Neither the sun nor death can be looked at steadily.
Neurosciences will give you a head in medicine.
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes.
Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Never ask a barber if he thinks you need a haircut.
Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity.
Never be afraid to be in love. It is the place where your heart and your soul will find solace.
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
Never bend your head. Hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
Never complain and never explain.
Never compromise your values.
Never confuse motion with action.
Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined.
Never cowardly or cruel. Never give up, never give in.
Never did a government commence under auspices so favorable, nor ever was success so complete.
Never does the human soul appear so strong and noble as when it forgoes revenge and dares to forgive injury.
Never do the impossible. People will expect you to do it forever after.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Never dull your shine for somebody else.
Never, ever, let anyone tell you what you can and can't do. Prove the cynics wrong. Pity them for they have no imagination. The sky's the limit. Your sky. Your limit. Now. Let's dance.
Never explain -- your Friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
Never follow the crowd.
Never forget that there are only two philosophies to rule your life: the one of the cross, which starts with the fast and ends with the feast. The other of Satan, which starts with the feast and ends with the headache.
Never give a sword to a man who can't dance.
Never give in and never give up.
Never give up.
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Never give up, never give up, never, never, never give up!
Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Never justify being rude; never forget to be kind.
Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level. It's cheaper.
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today.
Never let anybody guess that you have a mind of your own. Above all be pure
Never let a problem to be solved, become more important than a person to be loved.
Never let fear hold you captive.
Never let go of that fiery sadness called desire.
Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
Never let yourself be diverted, either by what you wish to believe, or what you think could have beneficent social effects if it were believed; but look only and solely at what are the facts.
Never let yourself be persuaded that any one Great Man, any one leader, is necessary to the salvation of America. When America consists of one leader and 158 million followers, it will no longer be America.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Never let your uniqueness be compromised
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up.
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way.
Never mind what others do; do better than yourself, beat your own record from day to day, and you are a success.
Never miss an opportunity to show your love, especially to those close to you, because we are always at our most cautious with them for fear of being hurt.
Never, never, never give up.
Never preceed anything more complex than a Frisbee throw with, 'Hey boss, watch this!'
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Never regret yesterday. Life is in you today, and you make your tomorrow.
Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it...Don't allow his anger to become your anger.
Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howl.
Never say 'I can't.' 'I can't' is a limit, and life is about breaking through limits. Say 'I will' instead.
Never say never
Never say no to now
Never say ""OOPS!"" always say ""Ah, Interesting!""
Never say that I have taken it, only that I have given it back.
Never stop dreaming,
Never stop. Never stop fighting. Never stop dreaming.
Never talk defeat. Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory.
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.
Never violate the sacredness of your individual self-respect.
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.
New eyes have X-ray vision. [someone that hasn't written it is more likely to spot the bug. "someone" can be you after a break]
...Next time you're faced with a choice, do the right thing. It hurts everyone less in the long run.
Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.
Nietzsche is a marvelous antidote to all fundamentally anti-Biblical efforts to turn mythology into a kind of Bible, and that is the project of the Jungians of this world, or to boil the Bible down to myth, and that is the project of more or less everyone else
NIHILIST, n. A Russian who denies the existence of anything but Tolstoi. The leader of the school is Tolstoi.
Nine out of the ten voices in my head say I'm not schizophrenic. The other one hums the melody of Tetris.
No act of kindness is too small. The gift of kindness may start as a small ripple that over time can turn into a tidal wave affecting the lives of many.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
No amount of ability is of the slightest avail without honor.
No amount of exams will prepare you for life.
No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.
No art, however minor, demands less than total dedication if you want to excel in it.
No art takes places without inspiration. Every artist also needs effective knowledge of his or her tools (e.g., does a certain brush function well with a particular kind of paint?). What's more, artists need effective techniques for using those tools.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
Nobody can do for little children what grandparents do. Grandparents sort of sprinkle stardust over the lives of little children.
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Nobody can tell what is right and what is wrong; what is righteous and what is evil. Even if there is a god and I had his teachings right before me, I would think it through and decide if that was right or wrong myself.
Nobody ever lives their life all the way up except bullfighters.
Nobody gets praised for the right reasons.
Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you're kind, amazing things will happen.
Nobody is exempt from the trials of life, but everyone can always find something positive in everything even in the worst of times.
Nobody is good or bad. They are either strong or weak. Strong people stick to their morals, no matter what the trials and tribulations. Weak people, many a times, do not even realise how low they have fallen.
Nobody knows what you feel inside unless you tell them.
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are
Nobody sees a flower - really - it is so small it takes time - we haven't time - and to see takes time, like to have a friend takes time.
Nobody's perfect.
Nobody steals books but your friends.
Nobody travels on the road to success without a puncture or two.
Nobody understands the nature of the Church, or the ringing note of the creed descending from antiquity, who does not realize that the whole world once very nearly died of broadmindedness and the brotherhood of all religions.
Nobody wants to believe that existence carries on without at least taking a stumble from their departure of this world.
No code of ethics and no effort are justifiable a priori in the face of the cruel mathematics that command our condition.
No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.
No Difference
No dirt can touch me, like an ocean, everything that comes to me becomes clean.
No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.
No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.
No flying machine will ever fly from New York to Paris.
No foreign policy - no matter how ingenious - has any chance of success if it is born in the minds of a few and carried in the hearts of none.
No great man ever complains of want of opportunity.
No great thing is created suddenly.
No great wisdom can be reached without sacrifice.
No guts, no story.
No issue is so small that it can't be blown out of proportion.
No lake so still but it has its wave.
No law can be sacred to me but that of my nature. Good and bad are but names very readily transferable to that or this; the only right is what is after my constitution; the only wrong is what is against it.
No life is a waste," the Blue Man said. "The only time we waste is the time we spend thinking we're alone.
No living creature is naturally greedy, except from fear of want - or in the case of human beings, from vanity, the notion that you're better than people if you can display more superfluous property than they can.
No man can reveal to you aught but that which already lies half asleep in the dawning of your knowledge.
No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.
No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure.
No man is brave that has never walked a hundred miles. If you want to know the truth of who you are, walk until not a person knows your name. Travel is the great leveler, the great teacher, bitter as medicine, crueler than mirror-glass. A long stretch of road will teach you more about yourself than a hundred years of quiet.
No man is crushed by misfortune unless he has first been deceived by prosperity
No man is free who is not master of himself.
No man is more unhappy than he who never faces adversity. For he is not permitted to prove himself.
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed.
No man was ever wise by chance
No man was ever yet a great poet, without at the same time being a profound philosopher.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
No matter how difficult and painful it may be, nothing sounds as good to the soul as the truth.
No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
No matter how long it may take us to overcome this premeditated invasion, the American people in their righteous might will win through to absolute victory.
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.
No matter how many people believe or don't believe in you, you must be
No matter how much experience you have, there's always something new you can learn and room for improvement.
No matter how much falls on us, we keep plowing ahead. That's the only way to keep the roads clear.
No matter how much success you're having, you can't continue working together if you can't communicate.
No matter how much you plan, it is tenacity, unyielding desire to succeed, and the ability to cope with change that will eventually prevail.
No matter how much you plan you're likely to get half wrong anyway. So don't do the paralysis through analysis' thing. That only slows progress and saps morale.
No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.
No matter how safe and beautiful it is, a cage is still a cage.
no matter how ugly the world gets or how stupid it shows me it is, I always have faith
No matter how wide the road you walk it one foot at a time"
No matter how you care to define it, I do not identify with the local group. Planet, species, race, nation, state, religion, party, union, club, association, neighborhood improvement committee; I have no interest in any of it. I love and treasure individuals as I meet them, I loathe and despise the groups they identify with and belong to.
No matter how you feel, Get up, dress up, show up and never give up.
No matter how your heart is grieving, if you keep on believing, the dreams that you wish will come true.
No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world.
No matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. And normally he doesn't know it.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?
No matter who we are, no matter what our circumstances, our feelings and emotions are universal. And music has always been a great way to make people aware of that connection. It can help you open up a part of yourself and express feelings you didn't know you were feeling. It's risky to let that happen. But it's a risk you have to take-because only then will you find you're not alone.
No matter who you are, no matter what you did, no matter where you've come from, you can always change, become a better version of yourself.
No more duty can be urged upon those who are entering the great theater of life than simple loyalty to their best convictions.
No name-calling truly bites deep unless, in some dark part of us, we believe it. If we are confident enough then it is just noise.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
None of the secrets of success will work unless you do.
None of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding except when he listens to this whisper which is heard by him alone.
Non est ad astra mollis e terris via" - "There is no easy way from the earth to the stars
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
'No one can make you successful; the will to success comes from within.' I've made this my motto. I've internalized it to the point of understanding that the success of my actions and/or endeavors doesn't depend on anyone else, and that includes a possible failure.
No one deserves love more than you.
No one else can want for me. No one can substitute his act of will for mine. It does sometimes happen that someone very much wants me to want what he wants. This is the moment when the impassable frontier between him and me, which is drawn by free will, becomes most obvious. I may not want that which he wants me to want - and in this precisely I am incommunicabilis. I am, and I must be, independent in my actions. All human relationships are posited on this fact.
No one has as much luck around the greens as one who practices a lot.
No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.
No one invites you to the top - you have to claw your way up. When you get there, you will sit with the others who were also uninvited - giggling.
No one is all evil. Everybody has a good side. If you keep waiting, it will comme up.
No one is ever satisfied where he is.
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
No one is more cherished in this world than someone who lightens the burden of another.
No one is silly! Only childish!
No one is to blame because there is no one other than you. Nothing is to disrespect because there is nothing other than you.
No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they'd die for.
No one's head aches when he is comforting another.
No one should ever ask themselves that: why am I unhappy? The question carries within it the virus that will destroy everything. If we ask that question, it means we want to find out what makes us happy. If what makes us happy is different from what we have now, then we must either change once and for all or stay as we are, feeling even more unhappy.
No one should have the power to shatter your dreams unless you give it to them.
No one succeeds without effort... Those who succeed owe their success to perseverance.
No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.
No other success can compensate for failure in the home.
No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere.
No passion is stronger in the breast of a man than the desire to make others believe as he believes. Nothing so cuts at the root of his happiness and fills him with rage as the sense that another rates low what he prizes high.
No pessimist ever discovered the secret of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new doorway for the human spirit.
No problem is so big that you can't run away from it.
No problem should ever have to be solved twice.
No rational argument will have a rational effect on a man who does not want to adopt a rational attitude.
Normal is not something to aspire to, it's something to get away from.
Normal is over rated, and so is spelling.You want perfection? Go out and buy a spell check, but know this: Spellcheck won't keep you warm at night or love you unconditionaly. I will stick to being abnormal and a bad speller. Makes life more interesting. After all, what fun is there in being normal or perfect?
Normality is the route to nowhere.
Normalness leads to sadness.
No self-respecting woman should wish or work for the success of a party who ignores her sex.
No single event can awaken within us a stranger whose existence we had never suspected. To live is to be slowly born.
No skill shapes a child's future success in school or in life more than the ability to read.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
No society can prosper if it aims at making things easier-instead it should aim at making people stronger!!
No student ever attains very eminent success by simply doing what is required of him: it is the amount and excellence of what is over and above the required, that determines the greatness of ultimate distinction.
Not a good book. It attempts to take a complex subject and make it assessable to the layman with cartoons, and in this effort it fails. Moreover, the authors often take biased stances, and while I agree with them for the most part it nonetheless detracts from any scholarly offerings in which they wish to partake.
Not all doors open in the same direction and with the same effort!
Not all of Derrida's writing is to everyone's taste. He had an irritating habit of overusing the rhetorical question, which lends itself easily to parody: 'What is it, to speak? How can I even speak of this? Who is this "I" who speaks of speaking?
Not all restaurants have good food.
Not all who are silent do not want to talk.
Not bad, not bad at all," Diotallevi said. "To arrive at the truth through the painstaking reconstruction of a false text.
Not being heard is no reason for silence.
Note to self: Keep going. You're doing great. You might not be where you want to be yet, but that's okay. Just take it one step at a time and keep believing in yourself. And remember: No matter what happens, you can still enjoy your life and be happy.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
Not everyone
Not everything is supposed to become something beautiful and long-lasting. Sometimes people come into your life to show you what is right and what is wrong, to show you who you can be, to teach you to love yourself, to make you feel better for a little while, or to just be someone to walk with at night and spill your life to. Not everyone is going to stay forever, and we still have to keep on going and thank them for what they've given us.
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts.
Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.
Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work.
Nothing ever really goes away--it just changes into something else. Something beautiful.
Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is just opinion.
Nothing exterior to me will ever take command of me.
Nothing good comes in life or athletics unless a lot of hard work has preceded the effort. Only temporary success is achieved by taking short cuts.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Nothing important is learned; it is simply remembered.
Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.
Nothing in life is to be feared; it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more so that we may fear less.
Nothing in the cry of cicadas suggests they are about to die.
Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The phrase 'press on' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.
Nothing in the world is difficult if one sets her mind to it.
Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.
Nothing in the world is permanent, and we're foolish when we ask anything to last, but surely we're still more foolish not to take delight in it while we have it. If change is of the essence of existence one would have thought it only sensible to make it the premise of our philosophy.
Nothing is as it seems, but something is everything it is made out to be.
Nothing is as seductive as the assurance of success.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, 'I'm possible!'
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, "I'm possible!"
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, "I'm possible!""
Nothing is impossible to him who will try.
Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity.
Nothing is more visible than things hidden; Nothing is more manifest than things minute; Therefore, the superior man should be aware of his aloneness
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
Nothing is so much calculated to lead people to forsake sin as to take them by the hand and to watch over them in tenderness. When persons manifest the least kindness and love to me, O what pow'r it has over my mind.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness. Nothing is so gentle as real strength.
Nothing is worth more than this day.
Nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you ideas.
Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.
Nothing recedes like success.
Nothing's a better cure for writer's block than to eat ice cream right out of the carton.
Nothing's perfect, the world's not perfect. But it's there for us, trying the best it can; that's what makes it so damn beautiful.
Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstance.
Nothing succeeds like success.
Nothing succeeds like success. Get a little success, and then just get a little more.
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
Nothing sweeter than to drag oneself along behind events; and nothing more reasonable. But without a strong dose of madness, no initiative, no enterprise, no gesture. Reason: the rust of our vitality. It is the madman in us who forces us to adventure; once he abandons us, we are lost; everything depends on him, even our vegetative life; it is he who invites us, who obliges us to breathe, and it is also he who forces our blood to venture through our veins. Once he withdraws, we are alone indeed! We cannot be normal and alive at the same time.
Nothing, to my way of thinking, is a better proof of a well ordered mind than a man's ability to stop just where he is and pass some time in his own company.
Nothing truly valuable arises from ambition or from a mere sense of duty; it stems rather from love and devotion towards men and towards objective things.
Nothing was ever in tune. People just blindly grabbed at whatever there was: communism, health foods, zen, surfing, ballet, hypnotism, group encounters, orgies, biking, herbs, Catholicism, weight-lifting, travel, withdrawal, vegetarianism, India, painting, writing, sculpting, composing, conducting, backpacking, yoga, copulating, gambling, drinking, hanging around, frozen yogurt, Beethoven, Back, Buddha, Christ, TM, H, carrot juice, suicide, handmade suits, jet travel, New York City, and then it all evaporated and fell apart. People had to find things to do while waiting to die. I guess it was nice to have a choice.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Nothing works better than just improving your product.
No, this is not the beginning of a new chapter in my life; this is the beginning of a new book! That first book is already closed, ended, and tossed into the seas; this new book is newly opened, has just begun! Look, it is the first page! And it is a beautiful one!
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.
Not how the world is, but that it is, is the mystery.
Not knowing you can't do something, is sometimes all it takes to do it.
Not only are there meaningless questions, but many of the problems with which the human intellect has tortured itself turn out to be only 'pseudo problems,' because they can be formulated only in terms of questions which are meaningless. Many of the traditional problems of philosophy, of religion, or of ethics, are of this character. Consider, for example, the problem of the freedom of the will. You maintain that you are free to take either the right- or the left-hand fork in the road. I defy you to set up a single objective criterion by which you can prove after you have made the turn that you might have made the other. The problem has no meaning in the sphere of objective activity; it only relates to my personal subjective feelings while making the decision.
Not only is there often a right and wrong, but what goes around does come around, Karma exists, chickens do come home to roost, and as my mother, Phyllis, liked to say, "There is always a day of reckoning." The good among the great understand that every choice we make adds to the strength or weakness of our spirits--ourselves, or to use an old fashioned word for the same idea, our souls. That is every human's life work: to construct an identity bit by bit, to walk a path step by step, to live a life that is worthy of something higher, lighter, more fulfilling, and maybe even everlasting.
Not only our reason, but also our conscience, truckles to our strongest impulse--the tyrant in us.
Not on one strand are all life's jewels strung.
No trees touch the sky.
No! Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try.
Not telling is just as interesting as telling I have found. Why speech, that short verbal journey from inside to outside can be excrutiating under certain circumstances is fascinating.
Not their love of humanity, but the impotence of their love, prevents the Christians of today--burning us.
Not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
NOT to my contemporaries, not to my compatriots but to
Not to perpetrate cowardice against one's own acts! Not to leave them in the lurch afterward! The bite of conscience is indecent.
Nouvelle Cuisine, roughly translated, means: I can't believe I paid ninety-six pounds and I'm still hungry.
Now don't you understand man universal law
Now, five years is nothing in a man's life except when he is very young and very old...
No winter lasts forever; no spring skips it's turn.
Now, my own suspicion is that the universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose. I have read and heard many attempts at a systematic account of it, from materialism and theosophy to the Christian system or that of Kant, and I have always felt that they were much too simple. I suspect that there are more things in heaven and earth that are dreamed of, or can be dreamed of, in any philosophy. That is the reason why I have no philosophy myself, and must be my excuse for dreaming.
No woman in maternity confinement can have stranger and more impatient wishes than I have.
Now that I've reached the top of the world, I can understand how God feels.
Now that science has helped us to overcome the awe of the unknown in nature, we are the slaves of social pressures of our own making. When called upon to act independently, we cry for patterns, systems, and authorities. If by enlightenment and intellectual progress we mean the freeing of man from superstitious belief in evil forces, in demons and fairies, in blind fate--in short, the emancipation from fear--then denunciation of what is currently called reason is the greatest service reason can render.
Now we have a clearer idea what this story is all about: The world was made for man, and man was made to rule it.
Now you people have names. That's because you don't know who you are. We know who we are, so we don't need names.
Numbing the pain for a while will only make it worse when you finally feel it.
:nunmap can also be used outside of a monastery.
Nu pot fi eu insumi decat daca ma inalt pana la furie sau cobor pana la descurajare: la nivelul meu obisnuit, ignor faptul ca exist.
Nursing encompasses an art, a humanistic orientation, a feeling for the value of the individual, and an intuitive sense of ethics, and of the appropriateness of action taken.
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
Obedience brings success; exact obedience brings miracles.
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety.
Objection, evasion, joyous distrust, and love of irony are signs of health; everything absolute belongs to pathology.
Object-oriented programming is an exceptionally bad idea that could only have been invented in California.
Observe the movements of the stars as if you were running their courses with them, and let your mind constantly dwell on the changes of the elements into each other. Such imaginings wash away the filth of life on the ground.
Obsessed is a word that the lazy use to describe the dedicated.
Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats.
Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all, other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you.
O dear Pan and all the other gods of this place, grant that I may be beautiful inside. Let all my external possessions be in friendly harmony with what is within. May I consider the wise man rich. As for gold, let me have as much as a moderate man could bear and carry with him.
Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will.
Of all knowledge, the wise and good seek mostly to know themselves.
Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine.
Of all the idiots I have met in my life, and the Lord knows they have not been few or little, I think that I have been the biggest.
Of all the radio stations in Chicago ... we're one of them.With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand miles closer to globular cluster 13 in the constellation Hercules, and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there is no such thing as progress.
Of all the things I've done, the most vital is coordinating those who work with me and aiming their efforts at a certain goal.
Of all the things people have taught me regarding life lessons or anything that would benefit me, I don't think anything helped me learn more about life than football. You go through so many different things: adversity, how to handle adversity, how to handle success, how to lead, how to be a teammate, how to communicate.
Of all the wonders that I have heard,
Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars.
Of course life is uncertain and mysterious; that's what makes it so amazing.
'Of course,' said my grandfather, pulling a gun from his belt as he stepped from the Time Machine, 'There's no paradox if I shoot YOU'.
Of course, supernatural acts are what miracles are all about. They are, after all, precisely those things that circumvent the laws of nature. A god who can create the laws of nature can presumably also circumvent them at will. Although why they would have been circumvented so liberally thousands of years ago, before the invention of modern communication instruments that could have recorded them, and not today, is still something to wonder about.
Of course there is no formula for success, except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life, and what it brings
Of course there's a risk that that could happen, but what is the alternative? To never allow myself to get close to anyone ever again? Never know the joy of loving someone for fear that it could end up in tears? My heart might stay safe, but it wouldn't be much of a life.
Of course, you may smoke - but please don't exhale.
Of Equality--as if it harm'd me, giving others the same chances and rights as myself--as if it were not indispensable to my own rights that others possess the same.
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.
Often, these downplay the power of cultural imperialism - in that sense, playing the game of US interests - by reassuring us that the global success of American mass culture is not as bad as all that.
Of what use is a philosopher who doesn't hurt anybody's feelings?
Oh captain, my captain.
Oh, if only it were possible to find understanding," Joseph exclaimed. "If only there were a dogma to believe in. Everything is contradictory, everything tangential; there are no certainties anywhere. Everything can be interpreted one way and then again interpreted in the opposite sense. The whole of world history can be explained as development and progress and can also be seen as nothing but decadence and meaninglessness. Isn't there any truth? Is there no real and valid doctrine?"
Oh, I would love to be a motivational speaker. I have pulled myself out of a million potholes, and I can see the potholes ahead of me. That doesn't mean that I could always do that so perfectly for my own life. I totally fall in potholes.
Ohne Hast, aber ohne Rast. - Without haste, but without rest.
O how incomprehensible everything was, and actually sad, although it was also beautiful. One knew nothing. One lived and ran about the earth and rode through forests, and certain things looked so challenging and promising and nostalgic: a star in the evening, a blue harebell, a reed-green pond, the eye of a person or a cow. And sometimes it seemed that something never seen yet long desired was about to happen, that a veil would drop from it all, but then it passed, nothing happened, the riddle remained unsolved, the secret spell unbroken, and in the end one grew old and looked cunning . . . or wise . . . and still one knew nothing perhaps, was still waiting and listening.
Oh the places you'll go! There is fun to be done! There are points to be scored. There are games to be won. And the magical things you can do with that ball will make you the winning-est winner of all.
Oh, what a tangled web we weave...when first we practice to deceive.
Oh, why does compassion weaken us?'
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.
Old people love to give good advice to console themselves for no longer being able to set a bad example.
Olivier took a deep breath, then turned and bowed in farewell. Gersonides nodded in return, then thought of something.
Omit needless words.
Omnia vincit amor" - "Love conquers all
On a grander scale, when a society segregates itself, the consequences affect the economy, the emotions, and the ecology. That's one reason why it's easy for pro-lifers to eat factory-raised animals that disrespect everything sacred about creation. And that is why it's easy for rabid environmentalists to hate chainsaws even though they snuggle into a mattress supported by a black walnut bedstead.
Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, "I predict, Sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease". Disraeli replied, "That all depends, sir, upon whether I embrace your principles or your mistress."
Once for all, then, a short precept is given thee: Love, and do what thou wilt: whether thou hold thy peace, through love hold thy peace; whether thou cry out, through love cry out; whether thou correct, through love correct; whether thou spare, through love do thou spare: let the root of love be within, of this root can nothing spring but what is good.
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.
Once someone asked me, "What do you want to be your epitaph?" So I said, "Paulo Coelho died when he was alive.
Once time is lit, it will burn whether or not you're breathing it in. Even after smoke becomes air, there is the memory of smoke. I am seeing as if by the light of a match, a glimpse of my life and having it feel right.
Once upon a time, I dreamt I was a butterfly, fluttering hither and thither, to all intents and purposes a butterfly. I was conscious only of my happiness as a butterfly, unaware that I was myself. Soon I awaked, and there I was, veritably myself again. Now I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly, dreaming I am a man.
Once upon a time, there was a wise man who used to go to the ocean to do his writing. He had a habit of walking on the beach before he began his work.
Once upon a time there was a young prince who believed in all things but three. He did not believe in princesses, he did not believe in islands, he did not believe in God. His father, the king, told him that such things did not exist. As there were no princesses or islands in his father's domains, and no sign of God, the young prince believed his father.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
Once you agree upon the price you and your family must pay for success, it enables you to ignore the minor hurts, the opponent's pressure, and the temporary failures.
Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
Once you have a lot of success, you become a target in many ways.
Once you have read a book you care about, some part of it is always with you.
Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.
Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.
Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.
One always has a choice.
One begins to distrust very clever persons when they become embarrassed.
One can ask why the I has to appear in the cogito {Descartes' argument "I think therefore I am.}, since the cogito, if used rightly, is the awareness of pure consciousness, not directed at any fact or action. In fact the I is not necessary here, since it is never united directly to consciousness. One can even imagine a pure and self-aware consciousness which thinks of itself as impersonal spontaneity.
One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
One Choice
One day, I got so disgusted that I sat down and wrote a list called 'Justin's list of things to do before he kicks the bucket.' I wrote it for myself and shortened it to 'Justin's Bucket List.' It was there on the wall, not as a story idea but as a motivational tool for myself, which actually ended up working pretty well.
One day in my shoes and a day for me in your shoes, the beauty of travel lies in the ease and willingness to be more open.
One day you will wake up
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now.
One does not believe in the follies of clever men: what a forfeiture of the rights of man!
One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish a dictatorship.
One does not hate as long as one disesteems, but only when one esteems equal or superior.
One does not have to be a philosopher to be a successful artist, but he does have to be an artist to be a successful philosopher. His nature is to view the world in an unpredictable albeit useful light.
One does what one is; one becomes what one does.
One fails forward toward success.
One finds limits by pushing them.
One forgives to the degree that one loves.
One goes through school, college, medical school and one's internship learning little or nothing about goodness but a good deal about success.
One great function of the arts is to keep ideals alive in a culture that does not yet realize them.
One has regarded life carelessly, if one has failed to see the hand that--kills with leniency.
One has to take a somewhat bold and dangerous line with this existence: especially as, whatever happens, we are bound to lose it.
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman.
One isn't necessarily born with courage, but one is born with potential. Without courage, we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We can't be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest.
One is punished best for one's virtues.
One life is all we have and we live it as we believe in living it. But to sacrifice what you are and to live without belief, that is a fate more terrible than dying.
One look is worth ten thousand words.
One love, one heart, one destiny.
One loves ultimately one's desires, not the thing desired.
One man cannot practice many arts with success.
One man may hit the mark, another blunder; but heed not these distinctions. Only from the alliance of the one, working with and through the other, are great things born.
One man with courage makes a majority.
One may indeed lie with the mouth; but with the accompanying grimace one nevertheless tells the truth.
One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low.
One measure of your success will be the degree to which you build up others who work with you. While building up others, you will build up yourself.
One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.
One mistake does not have to rule a person's entire life.
One more dance along the razor's edge finished. Almost dead yesterday, maybe dead tomorrow, but alive, gloriously alive, today.
One morning you wake up with more life behind you than in front of you, not being able to understand how it's happened.
One must always be prepared for riotous and endless waves of transformation.
One must reach out and try to grasp this astonishing finesse, that the value of lif cannot be estimated.
One MUST repay good and ill; but why just to the person who did us good or ill?
One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star.
One must try to make one's life as pleasant as possible. I'm alive and it's not my fault, which means I must somehow go on living the best I can, without bothering anybody, until I die.'
One must wait until the evening to see how splendid the day has been.
One must work and dare if one really wants to live.
One needs more than ambition and talent to make a success of anything, really. There must be love and a vocation.
One no longer loves one's knowledge sufficiently after one has communicated it.
One occasionally embraces some one or other, out of love to mankind (because one cannot embrace all); but this is what one must never confess to the individual.
One of chief pieces of advice I give to aspiring rationalists is "Don't try to be clever." And, "Listen to those quiet, nagging doubts." If you don't know, you don't know what you don't know, you don't know how much you don't know, and you don't know how much you needed to know.
One of my motivating forces has been to recreate the world I know into a world I wish I could be in. Hence my optimism and happy endings.
One of the best guides to how to be self-loving is to give ourselves the love we are often dreaming about receiving from others. There was a time when I felt lousy about my over-forty body, saw myself as too fat, too this, or too that. Yet I fantasized about finding a lover who would give me the gift of being loved as I am. It is silly, isn't it, that I would dream of someone else offering to me the acceptance and affirmation I was withholding from myself. This was a moment when the maxim "You can never love anybody if you are unable to love yourself" made clear sense. And I add, "Do not expect to receive the love from someone else you do not give yourself.
One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.
One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.
One of the best ways to influence people is to make those around you feel important.
One of the greatest tragedies in life is to lose your own sense of self and accept the version of you that is expected by everyone else.
One of the great liabilities of history is that all too many people fail to remain awake through great periods of social change. Every society has its protectors of status quo and its fraternities of the indifferent who are notorious for sleeping through revolutions. Today, our very survival depends on our ability to stay awake, to adjust to new ideas, to remain vigilant and to face the challenge of change.
One of the hardest decision you'll ever face in life is choosing whether to walk away or try harder.
One of the key elements of human behavior is, humans have a greater fear of loss than enjoyment of success. All the academic studies will show you that the fear of loss of capital is far greater than the enjoyment of gains.
One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don't invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.
One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was thatlacking zerothey had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs.
One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you"...whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it...cause a smile today for someone else...and give plenty of hugs.
One of the penalties of an ecological education is that one lives alone in a world of wounds. Much of the damage inflicted on land is quite invisible to laymen. An ecologist must either harden his shell and make believe that the consequences of science are none of his business, or he must be the doctor who sees the marks of death in a community that believes itself well and does not want to be told otherwise.
One of the penalties of refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.
One of the pitfalls of childhood is that one doesn't have to understand something to feel it. By the time the mind is able to comprehend what has happened, the wounds of the heart are already too deep.
One of the professors told me last week that he feels bad teaching with the way the economy is now. 'What's the point?' he said. 'Kids aren't getting jobs.' You never hear faculty talk that way. He did.
One of the rewards of success is freedom, the ability to do whatever you like.
One of the sanest, surest, and most generous joys of life comes from being happy over the good fortune of others.
One of the things I learned the hard way was that it doesn't pay to get discouraged. Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.
One of the things that happens in the business is that success is a very strange thing in that if you are involved in something very successful the next person wants you to repeat it.
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.
One picture puzzle piece
One rarely rushes into a single error. Rushing into the first one, one always does too much. So one usually perpetrates another one--and now one does too little.
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away.
One salutary development in recent ethical theorizing is the widespread recognition that no short argument will serve to eliminate any of the major metaethical positions. Such theories have to weave together views in semantics, epistemology, moral psychology and metaphysics. The comprehensive, holistic character of much recent theorizing suggests the futility of fastening on just a single sort of argument to refute a developed version of realism or antirealism. No one any longer thinks that ethical naturalism can be undermined in a single stroke by the open question argument, or that appeal to the descriptive semantics of moral discourse is sufficient to refute noncognitivism.
One says the things which one feels the need to say, and which the other will not understand: one speaks for oneself alone.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
One should part from life as Ulysses parted from Nausicaa--blessing it rather than in love with it.
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, and compassion
One today is worth two tomorrows.
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.
One who asks a question is a fool for a minute; one who does not remains a fool forever.
One who has loved truly, can never lose entirely. Love is whimsical and temperamental. Its nature is ephemeral, and transitory. It comes when it pleases,and goes away without warning. Accept and enjoy it while it remains, but spend no time worrying about its departure. Worry will never bring it back.
One word can change your life forever.
One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone's motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.
[On Jason Mashak's book SALTY AS A LIP, as reviewed in The Prague Post:] Mashak amalgamates various national, historical and religious traditions into a myth-mash that illuminates many sects' fanatical compartmentalizing, and the fact that so many religions and philosophies share similar goals, if not roots.
Only after disaster can we be resurrected.
Only after disaster can we be resurrected. It's only after you've lost everything that you're free to do anything. Nothing is static, everything is evolving, everything is falling apart.
Only a life lived for others is worth living.
Only a philosopher's mind grows wings, since its memory always keeps it as close as possible to those realities by being close to which the gods are divine.
Only bad designers blame their failings on the users.
Only by examining our personal biases can we truly grow as artists; only by cultivating empathy can we truly grow as people.
Only by showing the world the cataclysmic cost of a world divided can it appreciate the wonders of life and endless possibilities of a world united.
Only children believe they're capable of everything.
Only God may be adored, because only God is unlimited goodness, truth, and beauty, and thus only God deserves unlimited love.
Only he who attempts the absurd is capable of achieving the impossible.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Only in growth, reform, and change, paradoxically enough, is true security to be found.
Only in the darkness can you see the stars.
...only in the surrender of the light could the darkness prevail.
Only make new mistakes.
Only newspaper editors and people with tapeworms should ever refer to themselves as, 'we'
Only one life, 'twill soon be past,
Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them.
Only philosophers embark on this perilous expedition to the outermost reaches of language and existence. Some of them fall off, but others cling on desperately and yell at the people nestling deep in the snug softness, stuffing themselves with delicious food and drink. 'Ladies and Gentlemen,' they yell, 'we are floating in space!' But none of the people down there care
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
Only stupid people are changed by success.
Only that day dawns to which we are awake. There is more day to dawn. The sun is but a morning star.
Only the educated are free.
Only the gentle are ever really strong.
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far it is possible to go.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity. And I'm not so sure about the former.
Only two things can reveal life's great secrets: suffering and love.
Only when I fall do I get up again.
Only when we give joyfully, without hesitation or thought of gain, can we truly know what love means.
On marriage: You sort of stumble along and reconnect and lose each other and reconnect again.
On ne peut penser et ecrire qu'assis [One cannot think and write except when seated] (G. Flaubert). There I have caught you, nihilist! The sedentary life is the very sin against the Holy Spirit. Only thoughts reached by walking have value.
On no subject are our ideas more warped and pitiable than on death. ... Let children walk with nature, let them see the beautiful blendings and communions of death and life, their joyous inseparable unity, as taught in woods and meadows, plains and mountains and streams of our blessed star, and they will learn that death is stingless indeed, and as beautiful as life, and that the grave has no victory, for it never fights.
On one hand the eternal attraction of man towards femininity (cf. Gn. 2:23) frees in him-or perhaps it should free-a gamut of spiritual-corporal desires of an especially personal and "sharing" nature (cf. analysis of the "beginning"), to which a proportionate pyramid of values corresponds. On the other hand, "lust" limits this gamut, obscuring the pyramid of values that marks the perennial attraction of male and female.
On one occasion a student burst into his office. "Professor Stigler, I don't believe I deserve this F you've given me." To which Stigler replied, "I agree, but unfortunately it is the lowest grade the University will allow me to award."
On the Bigotry of Culture:
On the one hand, all truth is relative; on the other hand, postmodernism tells it like it really is.
On the other hand, I have some fingers.
On the recollection of so many and great favours and blessings, I now, with a high sense of gratitude, presume to offer up my sincere thanks to the Almighty, the Creator and Preserver.
On the Samael Qlipha, the magician makes a pact with the dark forces and realizes the invitation of Friedrich Neitzsche to re-evaluate old values. Insanity becomes wisdom; death becomes life. Samael is the 'Poison of God.' Here is where illusions are poisoned, and all categories and conceptions are deconstructed until nothing is left. The dark side of the astral plane could be compared to a chalice filled with poison or an intoxicating fluid. While Gamaliel is the chalice, Samael is the elixir and the following lower Qlipha, A'arab Zaraq, is where the magician experiences the effect.
On the top of Cadair Idris,
On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.
Onward and Upward! To Narnia and the North!
On Wednesday, when the sky is blue,
Open your heart - open it wide; someone is standing outside.
O philosophy, life's guide! O searcher-out of virtue and expeller of vices! What could we and every age of men have been without thee? Thou hast produced cities; thou hast called men scattered about into the social enjoyment of life.
Opinions alter, manners change, creeds rise and fall, but the moral law is written on the tablets of eternity.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other.
Orang yang tidak pernah dibakar panas mentari, mustahil menghargai rimbun berteduh - peribahasa Turki.
Other people are only aspects of our own greater being.
Other people's success spurs me on to do well and gives me motivation.
Others appreciate you more than you think.
Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not.
Others see you as a wise person.
Other thinkers have philosophised since the time of Plato, but that does not destroy the interest and beauty of his philosophy
Our ability to adapt is amazing. Our ability to change isn't quite as spectacular.
Our actions are guaranteed to affect others. Because we are not alone in this world, much of our learning about ourselves comes from our interaction with others. Our relationships are our teachers. We learn from each other.
Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.
Our character...is an omen of our destiny, and the more integrity we have and keep, the simpler and nobler that destiny is likely to be.
Our culture has filled our heads but emptied our hearts, stuffed our wallets but starved our wonder. It has fed our thirst for facts but not for meaning or mystery. It produces "nice" people, not heroes.
Our daily decisions and habits have a huge impact upon both our levels of happiness and success.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
Our enemies are quite good for relentlessly keeping us sharp and on our toes. This especially goes for sincere philosophers. They use their enemies to challenge their arguments so that they can know the weak points in their own reasoning and how to argue for and strengthen their position. There are just none like one's enemies to always look for his mistakes and do it harder than anyone else.
"Our fellow-creature is not our neighbour, but our neighbour's neighbour":--so thinks every nation.
Our first and last love is self love.
Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Our great human adventure is the evolution of consciousness. We are in this life to enlarge the soul, liberate the spirit, and light up the brain.
Our heritage and ideals, our code and standards - the things we live by and teach our children - are preserved or diminished by how freely we exchange ideas and feelings.
Our ideals are our better selves.
Our intellectual powers are rather geared to master static relations and that our powers to visualize processes evolving in time are relatively poorly developed. For that reason we should do (as wise programmers aware of our limitations) our utmost to shorten the conceptual gap between the static program and the dynamic process, to make the correspondence between the program (spread out in text space) and the process (spread out in time) as trivial as possible.
Our journey home will take a thousand lifetimes.
Our knowledge of circumstances has increased, but our uncertainty, instead of having diminished, has only increased. The reason of this is, that we do not gain all our experience at once, but by degrees; so our determinations continue to be assailed incessantly by fresh experience; and the mind, if we may use the expression, must always be under arms.
Our life is what our thoughts make it.
Our limitations and success will be based, most often, on your own expectations for ourselves. What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon.
Our lives are part of a unique adventure... Nevertheless, most of us think the world is 'normal' and are constantly hunting for something abnormal--like angels or Martians. But that is just because we don't realize the world is a mystery. As for myself, I felt completely different. I saw the world as an amazing dream. I was hunting for some kind of explanation of how everything fit together.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Our loathing of dirt may be so great as to prevent our cleaning ourselves--"justifying" ourselves.
Our men think earning money and ordering around others is where power lies. They don't think power is in the hands of the woman who takes care of everyone all day long, and gives birth to their children.
Our opportunities to give of ourselves are indeed limitless, but they are also perishable. There are hearts to gladden. There are kind words to say. There are gifts to be given. There are deeds to be done. There are souls to be saved.
Our purpose in Vietnam is to prevent the success of aggression. It is not conquest, it is not empire, it is not foreign bases, it is not domination. It is, simply put, just to prevent the forceful conquest of South Vietnam by North Vietnam.
Our Similarities bring us to a common ground; Our Differences allow us to be fascinated by each other.
Our soul desires to be understanding, our ego is only concerned with being understood. When you are being understanding you are connected to your soul.
Our subliminal mental processes operate outside awareness because they arise in these portions of our mind that are inaccessible to our conscious self; their inaccessibility is due to the architecture of the brain rather than because they have been subject to Freudian motivational forces like repression.
Our success as a global brand has been directly related to how we select locations where we are confident our particular clients desire to be. Los Cabos, Mexico is the ideal Engel & Volkers market, growing in popularity among world luxury travelers seeking exceptional properties for second home opportunities.
Our success educationally, industrially and politically is based upon the protection of a nation founded by ourselves. And the nation can be nowhere else but in Africa.
Our success in Singapore was a Herculean effort by the whole team. Now I am determined to deliver on all we promised. I will be watching like a hawk.
Our time here is magic! It's the only space you have to realize whatever it is that is beautiful, whatever is true, whatever is great, whatever is potential, whatever is rare, whatever is unique, in. It's the only space.
Our vanity is most difficult to wound just when our pride has been wounded.
Our vanity would like what we do best to pass precisely for what is most difficult to us.--Concerning the origin of many systems of morals.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
Our way to practice is one step at a time, one breath at a time.
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.
Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field. I will meet you there.
Out of difficulties grow miracles.
Out of life's school of war: What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
Out of love for mankind, and out of despair at my embarrassing situation, seeing that I had accomplished nothing and was unable to make anything easier than it had already been made, and moved by a genuine interest in those who make everything easy, I conceived it as my task to create difficulties everywhere.
Out, out brief candle, life is but a walking shadow...a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Outside of the killings, Washington has one of the lowest crime rates in the country
Overcoming fear is the first step to success for entrepreneurs. The winners all exemplify that, and the hard work and commitment they have shown underlines what is needed to set up a business.
Owning our story can be hard but not nearly as difficult as spending our lives running from it. Embracing our vulnerabilities is risky but not nearly as dangerous as giving up on love and belonging and joy--the experiences that make us the most vulnerable. Only when we are brave enough to explore the darkness will we discover the infinite power of our light.
Pack a pillow and blanket and see as much of the world as you can.You will not regret it.
Pactum serva" - "Keep the faith
Painful as it may be, a significant emotional event can be the catalyst for choosing a direction that serves us - and those around us - more effectively. Look for the learning.
Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Pain may be the only reality but if mankind had any sense it would pursue the delusion called happiness. All the philosophers and poets who tell us that pain and suffering have a place and purpose in the cosmic order of things are welcome to them. They are frauds. We justify pain because we do not know what to make of it, nor do we have any choice but to bear it. Happiness alone can make us momentarily larger than ourselves.
Pancakes were meant to be flipped!
Paranormalists, however, insist that our minds are transmitters that, with special effort, can focus like lasers to communicate across great distances, and even make things happen. That may seem far-fetched, but it's also a definition of prayer.
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Participate joyfully in the sorrows of the world. We cannot cure the world of sorrows, but we can choose to live in joy.
Particularity leads to peculiarity and then to pathological behavior. The three Ps. It is very insidious. You would eventually end up in a box. If you try to control your environment, it will control you. And everyone else around you will always have to be making adjustments to your maddening idiosyncracies...You are beginning to enslave yourself with your fussiness.
Part of being a man is learning to take responsibility for your successes and for your failures. You can't go blaming others or being jealous. Seeing somebody else's success as your failure is a cancerous way to live.
Part of being of a true existentialist is wanting to be what we make ourselves be by the way we choose to act, as opposed to making excuses for the way we act and regretting it.
Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.
Passion is a feeling that tells you: this is the right thing to do. Nothing can stand in my way. It doesn't matter what anyone else says. This feeling is so good that it cannot be ignored. I'm going to follow my bliss and act upon this glorious sensation of joy.
Passion is what gives meaning to our lives. It's what allows us to achieve success beyond our wildest imagination. Try to find a career path that you have a passion for.
Passively listening to gossip or negative talk is implied agreement.
Past success is no guarantee of future success, so I have learned to be an entrepreneur. I began to produce and direct my own projects.
Patience and tenacity of purpose are worth more than twice their weight of cleverness.
Patience ensures victory.
Patience is a remedy for every sorrow.
Patience is a virtue, but there comes a moment when you must stop being patient and take the day by the throat and shake it. If it fights back; fine. I'd rather end up bloody at the end of the day, then unhurt with no progress made, no knowledge gained. I'd rather have a no, then nothing. I'd forgotten that about myself.
Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait:
Patience is passion tamed.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Patience is the only way you can endure the gray periods.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Patience - the gift of being able to see past the emotion.
Pay attention to me.
Pay attention to opportunity cost at all times. Doing one thing means not doing other things. This is a form of risk that is very easy to ignore, to your detriment.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain!
Peace at home, peace in the world.
Peace begins with a smile..
Peace be to all people.
Peace does not mean the absence of war or the presence of abundance. It means the acceptance of tolerance, appreciation of diversity, forgiveness of ignorance, cultivation of kindness, and the presence of a joyful harmonious heart full of calmness.
Peace holds within itself trust in the Lord, the trust that He governs all things and provides all things, and that He leads towards an end that is good.
Peace is coming! Yeah! And so is the next money making conflict!
Peace is not something you wish for; It's something you make, Something you do, Something you are, And something you give away.
Peace is not so much a political mandate as it is a shared state of consciousness that remains elevated and intact only to the degree that those who value it volunteer their existence as living examples of the same... Peace ends with the unraveling of individual hope and the emergence of the will to worship violence as a healer of private and social dis-ease.
Peace is present right here and now, in ourselves and in everything we do and see. Every breath we take, every step we take, can be filled with peace, joy, and serenity. The question is whether or not we are in touch with it. We need only to be awake, alive in the present moment.
Peace on earth will come to stay, When we live Christmas every day.
Pegang tanganku, tapi jangan terlalu erat, karena aku ingin seiring dan bukan digiring.(Spasi)
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music.
People are always telling me that i'm not like other girls...that i dont dress like other girls...that i dont act like other girls. But i'm my OWN person...i go to the beat of my own drum.
People are beginning to see that the first requisite to success in life is to be a good animal.
People are crazy and times are strange/ I'm locked in tight, I'm out of range/ I used to care, but things have changed.
People are, generally speaking, either dead certain or totally indifferent (Both types are crawling around deep down in the rabbit's fur!)
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is light from within.
People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but it's the way you live your life that matters. And the people you know. Valentine was Hodge's friend, and I don't think Hodge really had anyone else in his life to challenge him or make him be a better person. If I'd had that life, I don't know how I would have turned out. But I didn't. I have my family. And I have you.
People are successful because they think and act like successful people.
People are the key to success or extraordinary success.
[People] ask themselves, what is suitable for my position? What is usually done by persons of my station and percuniary circumstances? Or (worse still) what is usually done by persons of a station and circumstances superior to mine? I do not mean that they choose what is customary in preference to what suits their own inclinations. It does not occur to them to have any inclination, except for what is customary. Thus the mind itself is bowed to the yoke: even in what people do for pleasure, conformity is the first thing thought of; they like in crowds; they exercise choice only among things that are commonly done: peculiarity of taste, eccentricity of conduct, are shunned equally with crimes: until by dint of not following their own nature they have no nature to follow: their human capacities are withered and starved: they become incapable of any strong wishes or native pleasures, and are generally without either opinions or feelings of home growth, or properly their own.
People do not know how what is at variance agrees with itself. It is an attunement of opposite tensions, like that of the bow and the lyre.
People do not seem to realise that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character.
People don't believe what you tell them.
People don't realize how a man's whole life can be changed by one book.
People, even more than things, have to be restored, renewed, revived, reclaimed, and redeemed; never throw out anyone.
People fall forward to success.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
People grow when they are loved well. If you want to help others heal, love them without an agenda.
People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be.
People have only as much liberty as they have the intelligence to want and the courage to take.
People have to forgive. We don't have to like them, we don't have to be friends with them, we don't have to send them hearts in text messages, but we have to forgive them, to overlook, to forget. Because if we don't we are tying rocks to our feet, too much for our wings to carry!
People in general would rather die than forgive. It's
People know what they do; frequently they know why they do what they do; but what they don't know is what what they do does.
People live their lives bound by what they accept as correct and true. That's how they define Reality. But what does it mean to be "correct" or "true"? Merely vague concepts... Their Reality may all be a mirage. Can we consider them to simply be living in their own world, shaped by their beliefs?
People need not fear the unknown if they are capable of achieving what they need and want.
People need to realise what real happiness and success is, because success as an actor is fleeting. You can be up there one day and gone the next.
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing.  That's why we recommend it daily.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily.
People ought to fight
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
People repeat behaviour that leads to flooding their brains with pleasurable chemicals. The short-term reward loop acts over hours to years, and the long-term reproductive success loop over generations.
People say everybody has a book inside them, so why not make your life a great story?
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
People say that eyes are windows to the soul.
People say that what we're all seeking is a meaning for life. I don't think that's what we're really seeking. I think that what we're seeking is an experience of being alive, so that our life experiences on the purely physical plane will have resonances with our own innermost being and reality, so that we actually feel the rapture of being alive.
People say we were an overnight success. It took us a year to be an overnight success.
People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent.
People seldom see the halting and painful steps by which the most insignificant success is achieved.
People should decide on the books' meanings for themselves. They'll find a story that attacks such things as cruelty, oppression, intolerance, unkindness, narrow-mindedness, and celebrates love, kindness, open-mindedness, tolerance, curiosity, human intelligence.
People should pursue what they're passionate about. That will make them happier than pretty much anything else.
People talk about getting lucky breaks in their careers. I'm living proof that the 'lucky breaks' theory is simply wrong. You get to make your own luck.... The world is run by those who show up...not those who wait to be asked.
People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life.
People think it must be fun to be a super genius, but they don't realize how hard it is to put up with all the idiots in the world.
People think that at the top there isn't much room. They tend to think of it as an Everest. My message is that there is tons of room at the top.
People think you're crazy if you talk about things they don't understand.
People think your success is just a matter of having a pretty face. But it's easy to be chewed up and spat out. You've got to stay ahead of the game to be able to stay in it.
People trust their eyes above all else - but most people see what they wish to see, or what they believe they should see; not what is really there
People where you live," the little prince said, "grow five thousand roses in one garden... yet they don't find what they're looking for...
People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.
People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. Live your truth and don't EVER stop!
People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also....but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.
People who lean on logic and philosophy and rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind.
People who love themselves come across as very loving, generous and kind; they express their self-confidence through humility, forgiveness and inclusiveness.
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
People who urge you to be realistic generally want you to accept their version of reality.
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first.
People will always have opinions about your decision because they're not courageous enough to take action on their opinion.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
People will love you. People will hate you. And none of it will have anything to do with you.
People will not remember what you did for living,
People would rather believe than know.
Percayalah, bila kamu tidak dapat mengalihkan perhatian pada hal lain yang fana..., dan hanya memikirkan kehidupan itu sendiri, kamu akan gila: karena ia akan mengalahkan dan merendahkanmu secara perlahan.
Perfecting oneself is as much unlearning as it is learning.
Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you'll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Perfection is something we should all strive for. It's a duty and a joy to perfect one's nature... The most difficult thing is love. A loveless, driving person that just competes in the rat race is far from perfection in my book.
Perfection- one's misguided perception of reality
Perfect is the enemy of good.
Perfectly Imperfect
Performance-wise, you really need to be down in the trenches; you need to do the hard work, for a lot of reasons: To build yourself as a performer, to get a sense of the audience, to work hard and to wonder, 'Do I really want to do this?'
Perhaps home is not a place but simply an irrevocable condition.
Perhaps in his loneliness he had acquired the silent conviction that he was 'the last', the one, the only. And, being the last, he ceased to be Benjamin, becoming Israel. And upon his heart had settled the history of five thousand years, no longer remote, but become as the history of his own lifetime. His "I" was the converse of the imperial "We.
Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear
Perhaps not one religion contains all of the truth of the world. Perhaps every religion contains fragments of the truth, and it is our responsibility to identify those fragments and piece them together.
Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while, so that we can see Life with a clearer view again.
Perhaps struggle is all we have because the god of history is an atheist, and nothing about his world is meant to be. So you must wake up every morning knowing that no promise is unbreakable, least of all the promises of waking up at all. This is not despair. These are the preferences of universe itself: verbs over nouns, actions over states, struggle over hope.
Perhaps swimming was dancing under the water, he thought. To swim under lily pads seeing their green slender stalks wavering as you passed, to swim under upraised logs past schools of sunfish and bluegills, to swim through reed beds past wriggling water snakes and miniature turtles, to swim in small lakes, big lakes, Lake Michigan, to swim in small farm ponds, creeks, rivers, giant rivers where one was swept along easefully by the current, to swim naked alone at night when you were nineteen and so alone you felt like you were choking every waking moment, having left home for reasons more hormonal than rational; reasons having to do with the abstraction of the future and one's questionable place in the world of the future, an absurdity not the less harsh for being so widespread.
Perhaps the most delightful friendships are those in which there is much agreement, much disputation, and yet more personal liking.
Perhaps the most important thing we can undertake toward the reduction of fear is to make it easier for people to accept themselves, to like themselves.
Perhaps what I am about to say will appear strange to you gentlemen, socialists, progressives, humanitarians as you are, but I never worry about my neighbor, I never try to protect society which does not protect me -- indeed, I might add, which generally takes no heed of me except to do me harm -- and, since I hold them low in my esteem and remain neutral towards them, I believe that society and my neighbor are in my debt.
Perhaps what is inexpressible (what I find mysterious and am not able to express) is the background against which whatever I could express has its meaning.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
Perseverance - a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
Perseverance is more prevailing than violence; and many things which cannot be overcome when they are together, yield themselves up when taken little by little.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
Perseverance, secret of all triumphs.
Personally, I can't see the appeal in trekking down to D.C. for a networking extravaganza, even if it is built around a special moment in American history. While I find the election of Barack Obama inspirational, I don't have a desire to memorialize it with overly effusive celebration.
Personally, I prefer Stevie Wonder," confessed the Chink, "but what the hell. Those cowgirls are always bitching because the only radio station in the area plays nothing but polkas, but I say you can dance to
Personal relationships are the fertile soil from which all advancement, all success, all achievement in real life grows.
Personal satisfaction is the most important ingredient of success.
Personifiers of the world! Unite! You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity!
Pesimistik tidak lebih daripada sikap takbur mendahului nasib.
Pet names are a persistant remnant of childhood, a reminder that life is not always so serious, so formal, so complicated. They are a reminder, too, that one is not all things to all people.
Pharisaism is not a deterioration of the good man; a considerable part of it is rather an essential condition of being good.
Philosophers are people who know less and less about more and more, until they know nothing about everything. Scientists are people who know more and more about less and less, until they know everything about nothing.
Philosophers can debate the meaning of life, but you need a Lord who can declare the meaning of life.
Philosophers console themselves with explanations.
Philosophers, for example, often fail to recognize that their remarks about the universe apply also to themselves and their remarks. If the universe is meaningless, so is the statement that it is so.
Philosophers have often held dispute
Philosophers' Syndrome: mistaking a failure of the imagination for an insight into necessity.
Philosophizing is simply one way of being afraid, a cowardly pretense that doesn't get you anywhere.
Philosophy
Philosophy and science have not always been friendly toward the idea of God, the reason being they are dedicated to the task of accounting for things and are impatient with anything that refuses to give an account of itself. The philosopher and the scientist will admit that there is much that they do not know; but that is quite another thing from admitting there is something which they can never know, which indeed they have no technique for discovering.
Philosophy and the study of the real world have the same relation to one another as onanism and sexual love.
Philosophy, as we use the word, is a fight against the fascination which forms of expression exert upon us.
Philosophy begins in wonder. And at the end when philosophic thought has done its best the wonder remains.
Philosophy can make people sick.
Philosophy cannot and should not give us an account of faith, but should understand itself and know just what it has indeed to offer, without taking anything away, least of all cheating people out of something by making them think it is nothing.
Philosophy cannot be extinguished, though men will try ... The spirit seeks the light, that is its nature. It wishes to return to its origin, and must forever try to reach enlightenment.
Philosophy cannot be taught; it is the application of the sciences to truth.
Philosophy . . .consists chiefly in suggesting unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Philosophy does not claim to secure for us anything outside our control. Otherwise it would be taking on matters that do not concern it. For as wood is the material of the carpenter, and marble that of the sculptor, so the subject matter of the art of life is the life of the self.
Philosophy does not promise to secure anything external for man, otherwise it would be admitting something that lies beyond its proper subject-matter. For as the material of the carpenter is wood, and that of statuary bronze, so the subject-matter of the art of living is each person's own life.
philosophy don't differ from science.
Philosophy, from the earliest times, has made greater claims, and achieved fewer results, than any other branch of learning.
Philosophy is an amazing tissue of really fine thinking and incredible, puerile mistakes. It's like one of those rubber 'bones' they give dogs to chew, damned good for the mind's teeth, but as food - no bloody good at all.
Philosophy ... is a science, and as such has no articles of faith; accordingly, in it nothing can be assumed as existing except what is either positively given empirically, or demonstrated through indubitable conclusions.
Philosophy is common sense with big words.
Philosophy is like trying to open a safe with a combination lock: each little adjustment of the dials seems to achieve nothing, only when everything is in place does the door open.
Philosophy is like wine. There are good years and bad years but, in general, the older the better.
Philosophy is not a spectator sport.
Philosophy is one reason which could lead to death.
Philosophy is really nostalgia, the desire to be at home.
Philosophy is the critically reflective, systematically articulated attempt to illumine our human experience in depth and set it in a vision of the whole.
Philosophy is the highest music.
Philosophy is the toil which can never tire persons engaged in it. All ways are strewn with roses, and the farther you go, the more enchanting objects appear before you and invite you on.
Philosophy ought to question the basic assumptions of the age. Thinking through, critically and carefully, what most of us take for granted is, I believe, the chief task of philosophy, and the task that makes philosophy a worthwhile activity.
Philosophy: the finding of bad reasons for what one believes by instinct.
Philosophy, though unable to tell us with certainty what is the true answer to the doubts which it raises, is able to suggest many possiblities which enlarge our thoughts and free them from the tyranny of custom. Thus, while diminishing our feeling of certainty as to what things are, it greatly increases our knowledge as to what the may be; it removes the somewhat arrogant dogmatism of those who have never travelled into the region of liberating doubt, and it keeps alive our sense of wonder by showing familar things in an unfamilar aspect
Philosophy when superficially studied, excites doubt, when thoroughly explored, it dispels it.
Philosophy, which once seemed outmoded, remains alive because the moment of its realization was missed. The summary judgement that it had merely interpreted the world is itself crippled by resignation before reality, and becomes a defeatism of reason after the transformation of the world failed. It guarantees no place from which theory as such could be concretely convicted of the anachronism, which then as now it is suspected of. Perhaps the interpretation which promised the transition did not suffice. The moment on which the critique of theory depended is not to be prolonged theoretically. Praxis, delayed for the foreseeable future, is no longer the court of appeals against self-satisfied speculation, but for the most part the pretext under which executives strangulate that critical thought as idle which a transforming praxis most needs. After philosophy broke with the promise that it would be one with reality or at least struck just before the hour of its production, it has been compelled to ruthlessly criticize itself.
Philosophy without action is the ruin of the soul. One brave deed is worth a hundred books, a thousand theories, a million words. Now as always we need heroes. And heroines! Down with the passive and the limp.
Photography is painting with light.
Physical bravery is an animal instinct; moral bravery is much higher and truer courage.
Physical objects are conceptually imported into the situation as convenient intermediaries not by definition in terms of experience, but simply as irreducible posits comparable, epistemologically, to the gods of Homer . . . For my part I do, qua lay physicist, believe in physical objects and not in Homer's gods; and I consider it a scientific error to believe otherwise. But in point of epistemological footing, the physical objects and the gods differ only in degree and not in kind. Both sorts of entities enter our conceptions only as cultural posits.
Physics isn't the most important thing. Love is.
Piety, then, is that which is dear to the gods, and impiety is that which is not dear to them.
Pink is as sensual as the rays of the setting sun.
Pink is it!
Pink satisfies my hunger as no other color could.
Pink says it with a passion.
Pink's heart is full of color.
PI seconds is a nanocentury.
Pity has an almost ludicrous effect on a man of knowledge, like tender hands on a Cyclops.
Pity the nation that is full of beliefs and empty of religion.
Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee.
Plant your garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers.
Plato offers the amazing idea that contemplation of the way things really are is, in itself, a purifying process that can bring human beings into the only divinity there is.
Plato was a bore.
Playing God is actually the highest expression of human nature. The urges to improve ourselves, to master our environment, and to set our children on the best path possible have been the fundamental driving forces of all of human history. Without these urges to 'play God', the world as we know it wouldn't exist today.
Play it, Sam. Play 'As Time Goes By.'
Play with a cactus and you will get pricked!
please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.
Please, no matter how we advance technologically, please don't abandon the book. There is nothing in our material world more beautiful than the book.
Please pay attention very carefully, because this is the truest thing a stranger will ever say to you: In the face of such hopelessness as our eventual, unavoidable death, there is little sense in not at least TRYING to accomplish all your wildest dreams in life.
Pleasure can be supported by an illusion; but happiness rests upon truth.
Plus d'un qui n'a pu liberer ses propres chaines a su pourtant en liberer son ami.
Plus there's the fact," he went on, making it clear he didn't need me to reply anyway, "that music is a total constant. That's why we have such a strong visceral connection to it, you know? Because a song can take you back instantly to a moment, or a place, or even a person. No matter what else has changed in you or the world, that one song stays the same, just like that moment. Which is pretty amazing, when you actually think about it.
Poetry and art nourish the soul of the world with the flavor-filled substances of beauty, wisdom and truth.
Poetry excites innate emotions and perceptions that let you create a new world where you have never visited and no one else can enter.
Poetry is the essence of life in which twinkling lights tickle the minds of readers and take them to a world where no one else can enter.
Poetry is when emotion blooms like flowers with the petals of words and spreads the fragrance of perception.
Poetry magically excites an unknown mysterious emotion.
Poets act shamelessly towards their experiences: they exploit them.
Pointing to another world will never stop vice among us; shedding light over this world can alone help us.
Police officers and firemen are so visible in their daily work, there's no mistaking they're there - and that presence makes people feel secure.
Politeness is okay, but it gets old and boring. You want to attack life with a passion, not a politeness, you want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so passionate" you don't want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so polite," because, who cares about polite?
Political language. . . is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.
Politicians will always send others off to fight their wars.
Popular medicine and popular morality belong together and ought not to be evaluated so differently as they still are: both are the most dangerous pseudo-sciences.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Positive thinking is the key to success in business, education, pro football, anything that you can mention. I go out there thinking that I'm going to complete every pass.
Possessed with a full confidence of the certain success which British valor must gain over such enemies, I have led you up these steep and dangerous rocks, only solicitous to show you the foe within your reach.
Possibility, infinity, beauty -- none of those words were right. What he really wanted to say was: have you felt this? this phantom life streaking like a phosphorescent hound at the edges of your ruin?
Posthumous men--I, for example--are understood worse than timely ones, but heard better. More precisely: we are never understood--hence our authority.
Post-operatively the transplanted kidney functioned immediately with a dramatic improvement in the patient's renal and cardiopulmonary status. This spectacular success was a clear demonstration that organ transplantation could be life-saving.
Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.
Pour on, I will endure.
Poverty is a virtue which one can teach oneself.
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life.
Power means happiness; power means hard work and sacrifice.
Practice makes perfeckt.
Pragmatism asks its usual question. "Grant an idea or belief to be true," it says, "what concrete difference will its being true make in anyone's actual life? How will the truth be realized? What experiences will be different from those which would obtain if the belief were false? What, in short, is the truth's cash-value in experiential terms?
Praise can be your most valuable asset as long as you don't aim it at yourself.
Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you.
Prayer is based on the remote possibility that someone is actually listening; but so is a lot of conversation. If the former seems far-fetched, consider the latter: even if someone is listening to your story, and really hearing, that person will disappear from existence in the blink of a cosmic eye, so why bother to tell this perhaps illusory and possibly un-listening person something he or she is unlikely to truly understand, just before the two of you blip back out of existence? We like to talk to people who answer us, intelligently if possible, but we do talk without needing response or expecting comprehension. Sometimes, the event is the word, the act of speaking. Once we pull that apart a bit, the action of talking becomes more important than the question of whether the talking is working-because we know, going in, that the talking is not working. That said, one might as well pray.
Prayer is man's greatest power!
Prayer is not an old woman's idle amusement. Properly understood and applied, it is the most potent instrument of action.
Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
Prayer is the sign of your weakness. Rely on your inner strength. You will be the winner.
Praying five times a day does not make a person religious, helping five people does. Saying grace before meal does not make a person religious, helping another person acquire meal does.
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.
Premature abstraction is an equally grievous sin as premature optimization.
Premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming.
President Obama called for a 'we' nation in his Inauguration Address. Art convenes. It is not just inspirational. It is aspirational. It pricks the walls of our compartmentalized minds, opens our hearts and makes us brave. And that's what we need most in our country today.
Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you.
Pressure makes diamonds
Pretend you are foolish to the foolish, and be yourself when you are alone or with others like you, because if you take the foolish seriously as your friend, you might be a fool yourself.
Pride is the recognition of the fact that you are your own highest value and, like all of man's values, it has to be earned.
Pride is what we have.  Vanity is what others have.
Pride makes us artificial; humility makes us real
Probably I am very naive, but I also think I prefer to remain so, at least for the time being and perhaps for the rest of my life.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
Problems are the price of progress.
Problems in science are sometimes made easier by adding complications.
Problems or successes, they all are the results of our own actions. Karma. The philosophy of action is that no one else is the giver of peace or happiness. One's own karma, one's own actions are responsible to come to bring either happiness or success or whatever.
Problems that remain persistently insoluble should always be suspected as questions asked in the wrong way.
Processors don't get better so that they can have more free time. Processors get better so _you_ can have more free time.
Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
Programmers are in a race with the Universe to create bigger and better idiot-proof programs, while the Universe is trying to create bigger and better idiots. So far the Universe is winning.
Programming is one of the most difficult branches of applied mathematics; the poorer mathematicians had better remain pure mathematicians.
Programming is the art of figuring out what you want so precisely that even a machine can do it.
Progress has always been achieved by probing well-entrenched and well-founded forms of life with unpopular and unfounded values. This is how man gradually freed himself from fear and from the tyranny of unexamined systems.
Progress is possible only if we train ourselves to think about programs without thinking of them as pieces of executable code.
Projects promoting programming in "natural language" are intrinsically doomed to fail.
Promise Yourself
Propounding peace and love without practical or institutional engagement is delusion, not virtue.
Prospering just doesn't have to do with money.
Psychiatric institutions are full of good intentions.
Public opinion is a weak tyrant compared with our own private opinion. what a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates, his fate.
Puddings were just made for sauce.
Pure anecdotal statements would not convince others about the actual societal problems and solutions without providing reliable empirical evidence.
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return.
Purpose and laughter are the twins that must not separate. Each is empty without the other.
Pursue not the outer entanglements; Dwell not in the inner void; Be serene in the oneness of things; And dualism vanishes by itself.
Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination.
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.
Push your boundaries beyond the ordinary; be that "extra" in "extraordinary.
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you.
Push yourself to do more and to experience more. Harness your energy to start expanding your dreams. Yes, expand your dreams. Don't accept a life of mediocrity when you hold such infinite potential within the fortress of your mind. Dare to tap into your greatness.
Putting food under lock and key was one of the great innovations of your culture. No other culture in history has ever put food under lock and key - and putting it there is the cornerstone of your economy.Because if the food wasn't under lock and key, Julie, who would work?
Put your ear down close to your soul and listen hard.
Put your future in good hands - your own.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
Quality is much better than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Quality of the people is better than the quality of the business idea. Crappy people can screw up the best idea in the world.
Quarrels cannot escape the verdict of public opinion.
Question everything, unless it's the answer
Question like a child, reason like an adult, and write like a sage.
Question the answers, I repeated every class. Reevaluate your conclusions when the evidence changes.
Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait.
Quiet people have the loudest minds.
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? - Who watches the watchmen?
Quit being so hard on yourself. We are what we are; we love what we love. We don't need to justify it to anyone... not even to ourselves.
Quote words that affirm
Racism exists in the mind, not the heart.
Rainbow your day!
Rainer Maria Rilke greeted and wrestled with the angels of his Duino Elegies in the solitude of a castle surrounded by white cliffs tall trees and the sea. I greeted most of mine in the solitude of a house that still vibrated with the throbs of a singular life that had helped shape many lives and with the ache of attempts to render useful service to that life. The River of Winged Dreams was therefore constructed as a link between dimensions of past and future emotions and intellect and matter and spirit.
Raise a smile and lower stress
Raising children is an uncertain thing; success is reached only after a life of battle and worry.
Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together as they do in you.
Rationalism is false not because it seeks to express reality in rational mode, so far as this possible, but because it seeks to embrace the whole of reality in the realm of reason, as if the reason coincides with the very principle of things.
Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can.
Reach for the stars.
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.
Read books. Care about things. Get excited. Try not to be too down on youself. Enjoy the ever present game of knowing.
Reading was very important to me as a kid. It was very inspirational to me. I went to a school where that wasn't encouraged so much, but my parents encouraged that, and it has made me part of who I am.
Read. Read 1000 pages for every 1 page that you write.
Read. Read anything. Read the things they say are good for you, and the things they claim are junk. You'll find what you need to find. Just read.
Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward -- your breakthrough may be just around the corner.
Real courage is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. Doing the unpopular thing because it's what you believe, and the heck with everybody.
Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
...reality is always plural and mutable.
Reality is harsh. It can be cruel and ugly. Yet no matter how much we grieve over our environment and circumstances nothing will change. What is important is not to be defeated, to forge ahead bravely. If we do this, a path will open before us.
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for the real.
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you will ever have.
Realize that true happiness lies within you. Waste no time and effort searching for peace and contentment and joy in the world outside. Remember that there is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving. Reach out. Share. Smile. Hug. Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
Realizing the seriously ruthless, venomous habits and agendas of evil always instills a more fierce passion and longing for a closer God. Men, out of pride, may claim their own authorities over what constitutes good and evil; they may self-proclaim a keen knowledge of subjective morality through religion or science. But that is only if they are acknowledging the work of evil as a cartoon-like, petty little rain cloud in the sky that merely wants to dampen one's spirits. On the contrary, a man could be without a doubt lit with the strength, the peace, and the knowledge of the gods, his gods, but when or if the devils grow weary in unsuccessful attempts to torment him, they begin tormenting his loved ones, or, if not his loved ones, anyone who may attempt to grasp his philosophies. No matter how godly he may become, God is, in the end, his only hope and his only grace for the pressures built around him - it is left up to a higher authority and a more solid peace and a wider love to eclipse not just one's own evils but all evils for goodness to ultimately matter. If all men were gods, each being would dwell in a separate prison cell, hopeless, before finally imploding into nothingness.
Real love never fails.
Really, nobody was there?" I asked.
Real magic can never be made by offering someone else's liver. You must tear out your own, and not expect to get it back.
Real success is being totally indulgent about your own trip. You put your blinders on about the garbage and go full speed ahead.
Real success is finding you lifework in the work that you love.
Real success is not, like, materialistic. It's being where you want to be when you want to be; just living your life how you feel; having an ultimate goal and being able to accomplish it.
Real success is not on the stage, but off the stage as a human being, and how you get along with your fellow man.
Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions.
Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them.
Reason is the power or capacity whereby we see or detect logical relationships among propositions.
Reason may be employed to support faith as well as to destroy it.
Re-examine all you have been told. Dismiss what insults your soul.
Refuse to accept the belief that your professional relevance, career success or financial security turns on the next update on the latest technology. Sometimes it's good to put the paddle down and just let the canoe glide.
Regardless of Sunshine or Rain, Be Thankful for another GREAT day...and treat Life as the ULTIMATE Gift.... Because IT IS :)
Regardless of the staggering dimensions of the world about us, the density of our ignorance, the risks of catastrophes to come, and our individual weakness within the immense collectivity, the fact remains that we are absolutely free today if we choose to will our existence in its finiteness, a finiteness which is open on the infinite. And in fact, any man who has known real loves, real revolts, real desires, and real will knows quite well that he has no need of any outside guarantee to be sure of his goals; their certitude comes from his own drive.
Regret is counterproductive. It's looking back on a past that you can't change. Questioning things as they occur can prevent regret in the future.
Reject the basic assumptions of civilization, especially the importance of material possessions.
Rejoice in the things that are present; all else is beyond thee.
Relativity applies to physics, not ethics.
Religion can never reform mankind because religion is slavery. It is far better to be free, to leave the forts and barricades of fear, to stand erect and face the future with a smile. It is far better to give yourself sometimes to negligence, to drift with wave and tide, with the blind force of the world, to think and dream, to forget the chains and limitations of the breathing life, to forget purpose and object, to lounge in the picture gallery of the brain, to feel once more the clasps and kisses of the past, to bring life's morning back, to see again the forms and faces of the dead, to paint fair pictures for the coming years, to forget all Gods, their promises and threats, to feel within your veins life's joyous stream and hear the martial music, the rhythmic beating of your fearless heart. And then to rouse yourself to do all useful things, to reach with thought and deed the ideal in your brain, to give your fancies wing, that they, like chemist bees, may find art's nectar in the weeds of common things, to look with trained and steady eyes for facts, to find the subtle threads that join the distant with the now, to increase knowledge, to take burdens from the weak, to develop the brain, to defend the right, to make a palace for the soul. This is real religion. This is real worship
Religion is beyond the realm of logic, but if any priest, pundit or maulvi tries to justify his religion with logic, it sounds absurd and illogical.
Religions are many and diverse, but reason and goodness are one.
religion, the most powerful of the elements which have entered into the formation of moral feeling, having almost always been governed either by the ambition of a hierarchy, seeking control over every department of human conduct, or by the spirit of Puritanism.
Religious speech is extreme, emotional, and motivational. It is anti-literal, relying on metaphor, allusion, and other rhetorical devices, and it assumes knowledge within a community of believers.
Remake the world, a little at a time, each in your own corner of the world.
Remember, always be yourself ... unless you suck!
Remember, darkness does not always equate to evil, just as light does not always bring good.
Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, it's at the end of your arm, as you get older, remember you have another hand: The first is to help yourself, the second is to help others.
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.
Remember, it is not enough to be hit or insulted to be harmed, you must believe that you are being harmed. If someone succeeds in provoking you, realize that your mind is complicit in the provocation. Which is why it is essential that we not respond impulsively to impressions; take a moment before reacting, and you will find it easier to maintain control.
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something and has lost something.
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.
Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.
Remember that things are not always as they appear to be... Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.
Remember that we will not be here forever. Good thoughts, good ideas, and good deeds have a chance to live for a very long time.
Remember that you are humans in the first place and only after that programmers.
Remember, there are no mistakes, only lessons. Love yourself, trust your choices, and everything is possible.
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end.
Remember the things in life that are free to each of us-our family, our friends, our soul, our hopes, our dreams, and our knowledge-are the most important.
Remember to act always as if you were at a symposium. When the food or drink comes around, reach out and take some politely; if it passes you by don't try pulling it back. And if it has not reached you yet, don't let your desire run ahead of you, be patient until your turn comes. Adopt a similar attitude with regard to children, wife, wealth and status, and in time, you will be entitled to dine with the gods. Go further and decline these goods even when they are on offer and you will have a share in the gods' power as well as their company. That is how Diogenes, Heraclitus and philosophers like them came to be called, and considered, divine.
Remember tonight... for it is the beginning of always
Remember your humanity, and forget the rest.
Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow - after you have done your best to achieve success today.
Remind thyself, in the darkest moments, that every failure is only a step toward success, every detection of what is false directs you toward what is true, every trial exhausts some tempting form of error, and every adversity will only hide, for a time, your path to peace and fulfillment.
Renew, release, let go. Yesterday's gone. There's nothing you can do to bring it back. You can't "should've" done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!
Republicans are for both the man and the dollar, but in case of conflict the man before the dollar.
Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.
Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies.
Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.
Respect for self is the beginning of cultivating virtue in men and women.
Respect is love in plain clothes.
Responsibility finds a way. Irresponsibilty makes excuses!
Responsibility to yourself means refusing to let others do your thinking, talking, and naming for you...it means that you do not treat your body as a commodity with which to purchase superficial intimacy or economic security; for our bodies to be treated as objects, our minds are in mortal danger. It means insisting that those to whom you give your friendship and love are able to respect your mind. It means being able to say, with Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre: "I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all the extraneous delights should be withheld or offered only at a price I cannot afford to give.
Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.
Results are always hidden in thoughts and actions.
Resume writing is just like dating, or applying for a bank loan, in that nobody wants you if you're desperate.
Returning home is the most difficult part of long-distance hiking; You have grown outside the puzzle and your piece no longer fits.
Revenge is not sweet; it is gloomy and a waste of time.
Reverence the highest, have patience with the lowest. Let this day's performance of the meanest duty be thy religion. Are the stars too distant, pick up the pebble that lies at thy feet, and from it learn the all.
Revolutions come from standing on the shoulders of giants and facing in a better direction.
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.
Rich People plan for three generations
Right actions in the future are the best apologies for bad actions in the past.
Rise to the occassion which is life!
Risk more than others think is safe. Dream more than others think is practical.
Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.
Rockabye Baby, in the treetop
Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
Rockefeller once explained the secret of success. 'Get up early, work late - and strike oil.'
Rogerson," I asked him sweetly as we sat watching a video in the pool house, "where would I find the pelagic zone?"
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Rome wasn't built in a day, it just looks like that.
Roosevelt's declaration that Americans had 'nothing to fear but fear itself' was a glorious piece of inspirational rhetoric and just as gloriously wrong.
Rousseau identified reason as the disease for which it pretended to be the cure.
Rudeness instantly establishes a set of norms, a set of regulatory orders, authority, and power. To be rude is to go against an established accepted concept or ordered regulation. Thus rudeness could be in kind, a deviation from the norm. Rudeness can also be in kind an instantiation outside a set foundation. A deviation from a norm holds the same set foundation as the norm, their disagreement merely a manner of degrees.
Ruin is a gift. Ruin is the road to transformation.
Rules of Optimization: Rule 1: Don't do it. Rule 2 (for experts only): Don't do it yet.
Running a startup is like being punched in the face repeatedly, but working for a large company is like being waterboarded.
Running a startup is like eating glass. You just start to like the taste of your own blood.
Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up.
Sacred cows make the best hamburger.
Sacred joy exists in any suffering.
Sad stories make good books
Saepe creat molles aspera spina rosas" - "Often the prickly thorn produces tender roses
Saint Thomas Aquinas says, wisely, that the only way to drive out a bad passion is by a stronger good passion. The same is true of thoughts as of passions. When your mind wanders, like a child, your will must bring it back, like a mother. [. . .] The will-parent must discipline the mind-child, avoiding both the opposite extremes commonly made in disciplining either children or thoughts: tyranny or permissiveness.
Sameron adion aso
Sanctify yourself and you will sanctify society.
Sanity calms, but madness is more interesting.
Sanity is not about confrontation. It's about filtering. Having a stable and happy life is about saying "no" to crazy people, not about inviting them in and then hoping that confrontations are going to make them sane.
Save your explanations, I got some questions for you first and you'd better answer them!' [slurred Hellian.]
Saya akan pikul rahsia itu jika engkau percayakan kepada saya dan saya akan masukkan ke dalam perbendaharaan hati saya dan kemudian saya kunci pintunya erat-erat. Kunci itu akan saya lemparkan jauh-jauh sehingga seorang pun tak dapat mengambilnya kedalam lagi.
Say hello to my little friend!
Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders.
Scars are just another kind of memory.
Scars are not injuries, Tanner Sack. A scar is a healing. After injury, a scar is what makes you whole.
Scars show us where we have been, they do not dictate where we are going.
Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on.
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.
Science must not impose any philosophy, any more than the telephone must tell us what to say.
SCREW CHILDREN!
Searching outside of you is Samsara (the world). Searching within you leads to Nirvana.
Seberapa indah mimpi, jika tetap mimpi?
Secangkir kopi yang dengan tenang menunggu kau minum itu tidak pernah mengusut kenapa kau bisa membedakan aromanya dari asap yang setiap hari kau hirup ketika berangkat dan pulang kerja di kota yang semakin tidak bisa mengerti kenapa mesti ada secangkir kopi yang tersedia di atas meja setiap pagi
Security is both the biggest issue in bitcoin and the biggest opportunity in bitcoin. Solve it and you may create a massive new industry.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Security Is Mostly A Superstition. Life Is Either A Daring Adventure Or Nothing.
Security is not the meaning of my life. Great opportunities are worth the risk.
Sed nescio quo modo nihil tam absurde dici potest quod non dicatur ab aliquo philosphorum. (There is nothing so absurd but some philosopher has said it.)
Seduced by the spectacular theoretical and practical successes of the objective sciences into thinking that the methods and criteria of those sciences were the only means to truth, philosophers sought to apply those same methods and criteria to questions relating to the meaning of life and the values that give meaning to life. Philosophy, especially the Analytical species prevalent in the English-speaking world, was broken up into specialized disciplines and fragmented into particular problems, all swayed and impregnated by scientism, reductionism, and relativism. All questions of meaning and value were consigned to the rubbish heap of 'metaphysical nonsense'.
See, as much as you want to hold on to the bitter sore memory that someone has left this world, you are still in it
Seeing is not always believing, its the other way around. Believe and you will see.
See? See what you can do? Never mind you can't tell one letter from another, never mind you born a slave, never mind you lose your name, never mind your daddy dead, never mind nothing. Here, this here, is what a man can do if he puts his mind to it and his back in it. Stop sniveling,' [the land] said. 'Stop picking around the edges of the world. Take advantage, and if you can't take advantage, take disadvantage. We live here. On this planet, in this nation, in this county right here. Nowhere else! We got a home in this rock, don't you see! Nobody starving in my home; nobody crying in my home, and if I got a home you got one too! Grab it. Grab this land! Take it, hold it, my brothers, make it, my brothers, shake it, squeeze it, turn it, twist it, beat it, kick it, kiss it, whip it, stomp it, dig it, plow it, seed it, reap it, rent it, buy it, sell it, own it, build it, multiply it, and pass it on -- can you hear me? Pass it on!
See the exquisite contrast of the types of mind! The pragmatist clings to facts and concreteness, observes truth at its work in particular cases, and generalises. Truth, for him, becomes a class-name for all sorts of definite working-values in experience. For the rationalist it remains a pure abstraction, to the bare name of which we must defer. When the pragmatist undertakes to show in detail just why we must defer, the rationalist is unable to recognise the concretes from which his own abstraction is taken. He accuses us of denying truth; whereas we have only sought to trace exactly why people follow it and always ought to follow it. Your typical ultra-abstractions fairly shudders at concreteness: other things equal, he positively prefers the pale and spectral. If the two universes were offered, he would always choose the skinny outline rather than the rich thicket of reality. It is so much purer, clearer, nobler.
See the moon? It hates us.
See the world for what it is.
Seindah apa pun huruf terukir, dapatkah ia bermakna apabila tak ada jeda? Dapatkan ia dimengerti jika tak ada spasi? Bukankah kita baru bisa bergerak jika ada jarak? Dan saling menyayang bila ada ruang?
Seize any opportunity, or anything that looks like opportunity. They are rare, much rarer than you think...
Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.
Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success.
Self-centeredness is the basis for all sorts of immoral behavior as well as all the sorrows of humanity.
Self-discipline is a form of freedom. Freedom from laziness and lethargy, freedom from expectations and demands of others, freedom from weakness and fear -- and doubt.
Self-esteem comes from being able to define the world in your own terms and refusing to abide by the judgments of others.
Self-respect is the root of discipline: The sense of dignity grows
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control: These three alone lead life to sovereign power.
Sense shines with a double luster when it is set in humility. An able and yet humble man is a jewel worth a kingdom.
Sensuality often forces the growth of love too much, so that its root remains weak, and is easily torn up.
Septimus has been working too hard" - that was all she could say to her own mother. To love makes one solitary, she thought.
Serenity comes when you trade expectations for acceptance.
Serious thinkers are few, and the world is ruled by crude ideas.
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.
Set a goal to achieve something that is so big, so exhilarating that it excites you and scares you at the same time.
Setiap kamu punya mimpi atau keinginan atau cita-cita,
Set out each day believing in your dreams. Know without a doubt that you were made for amazing things.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Settle, for sure and universally, what conduct will promote the happiness of a rational being.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Set yourself earnestly to see what you are made to do, and then set yourself earnestly to do it.
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way.
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.
Seven years, Dawn. Working with the Slayer. Seeing my friends get more and more powerful... a witch. A demon. Hell, I could fit Oz in my shaving kit, but come a full moon, he had a wolfy mojo not to be messed with. Powerful, all of them. And I'm the guy who fixes the windows.
Several people have told me that my inability to suffer fools gladly is one of my main weaknesses.
Sex is never the same when you're with another person.
Shaken, not stirred.
Shallow men believe in luck or in circumstance. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Shared joys make a friend, not shared sufferings.
Share your idea and watch them grow.
Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.
She could hear, some way off, her brothers calling to each other in the woods behind the house. She hoped desperately that their game wouldn't bring them any closer, that they wouldn't scare the birds away.
She had become accustomed to being lonely. She was used to walking alone and to being considered 'different.' She did not suffer too much.
She had been given a wonderful gift: life. Sometimes it was cruelly taken away too soon, but it's what you did with it that counted, not how long it lasted.
She had lost herself in this old work, her personality dissolving into it, so that she had been set free. The immortality of the soul lies in its dissolution; this was the cryptic comment that so frustrated Olivier and which Julien had only ever grasped as evidence for the history of a particular school of thought. He had known all about its history, but Julia knew what it meant. He found the realization strangely reassuring.
She has lived under the covers of selfless love, and so was imbibed by her.
She is delightfully chaotic; a beautiful mess. Loving her is a splendid adventure.
She lacks confidence, she craves admiration insatiably. She lives on the reflections of herself in the eyes of others. She does not dare to be herself.
She liked being reminded of butterflies. She remembered being six or seven and crying over the fates of the butterflies in her yard after learning that they lived for only a few days. Her mother had comforted her and told her not to be sad for the butterflies, that just because their lives were short didn't mean they were tragic. Watching them flying in the warm sun among the daisies in their garden, her mother had said to her, see, they have a beautiful life. Alice liked remembering that.
she lived with hurricane eyes and fell in love with the way the waves collapsed against her cheeks.
She made broken look beautiful
She might be pointing to a doorway, or a person, or the sky. But such things were so common to my eyes, so undistinguished, that they would register as "nothing" I walked in a gray world of nothing.
She said, "It's not life or death, the labyrinth."
She said, "You're a warrior. So how do you kill without rage?"
She's a woman, you're a dude. You're not
She seems so cool, so focused, so quiet, yet her eyes remain fixed upon the horizon. You think you know all there is to know about her immediately upon meeting her, but everything you think you know is wrong. Passion flows through her like a river of blood.
She smiled. She knew she was dying. But it did not matter any longer. She had known something which no human words could ever tell and she knew it now. She had been awaiting it and she felt it, as if it had been, as if she had lived it. Life had been, if only because she had known it could be, and she felt it now as a hymn without sound, deep under the little whole that dripped red drops into the snow, deeper than that from which the red drops came. A moment or an eternity- did it matter? Life, undefeated, existed and could exist. She smiled, her last smile, to so much that had been possible.
She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on.
She was broken from moment to moment, watching her world collide she felt lost inside herself. She fell apart for a passion that flamed beneath her. She waited and died a hundred times, it dripped from her pores. The moment she let go, she soared over the stillness like the star she was born to be.
She was broken, I think it's because she loved too much and she was always blind to the fact that love too is sometimes broken.
she was glad she had been scarred. She said that whoever loved her now would love her true self, and not her pretty face.
Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.
Shoot for the moon, even if you fail, you'll land among the stars
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration.
Should I have a doughnut or my disgusting cardboard?" asked Gwynn, as she drew up languidly before me at a study table in a bookstore on State Street, raising a puffed rice cake in the air.
Show, don't tell.
Show me that I m everywhere and get me home for tea.
Show me the money!
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?
Side projects are less masturbatory than reading RSS, often more useful than MobileMe, more educational than the comments on Reddit, and usually more fun than listening to keynotes.
Silence is argument carried out by other means.
Silence is a source of great strength.
Silence is a virtue.
Silence is silly after you have spoken in anger.
Silence is the last thing the world will ever hear from me.
Silent pictures show us how we lived and what our attitudes were. And as an art form, they can be wonderfully entertaining and often inspirational.
Silk is a fine, delicate, soft, illuminating, beautiful substance. But you can never rip it! If a man takes this tender silk and attempts to tear it, and cannot tear it, is he in his right mind to say "This silk is fake! I thought it was soft, I thought it was delicate, but look, I cannot even tear it" ? Surely, this man is not in his right mind! The silk is not fake! This silk is 100% real. It's the man who is stupid!
Simple, clear purpose and principles give rise to complex, intelligent behavior. Complex rules and regulations give rise to simple, stupid behavior.
Simple things should be simple. Complex things should be possible.
Simplicity and pragmatism beat complexity and theory any day.
Simplicity is a great virtue but it requires hard work to achieve it and education to appreciate it. And to make matters worse: complexity sells better.
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability.
Simplicity means the achievement of maximum effect with minimum means.
Simplicity, patience, compassion.
Simplicity takes effort-- genius, even.
Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.
Sina jinsi. Nguzo ya maisha yangu ni historia ya maisha yangu. Historia ya maisha yangu ni urithi wa watu waliojifunza kusema hapana kwa ndiyo nyingi -- waliojitolea vitu vingi katika maisha yao kunifikisha hapa nilipo leo -- walionifundisha falsafa ya kushindwa si hiari. Siri ya mafanikio yangu ni kujitahidi kwa kadiri ya uwezo wangu wote; au 'pushing the envelope' kwa lugha ya kigeni.
Since God is truth, a contempt for truth is equally a contempt for God.
Since I was young, I have always known this: Life damages us, every one. We can't escape that damage. But now, I am also learning this: We can be mended. We mend each other
Since we launched the original 'Pop Idol' in England, I've remained close with Simon Fuller. Working as executive producer on 'American idol' for its first seven years not only was an inspirational journey into the heart of American pop culture, it opened my eyes to the untapped potential of the incredibly dynamic young people in this world.
Since we nowadays think that all a man needs for acquisition of truth is to exert his brain more or less vigorously, and since we consider an
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim.
Sing to the tune of "The Teddy Bears Picnic"
Sin is a gravitation.
Sink not into oblivion, but sink into a nice hot spa.
Sin sorpresas, aunque sean disagredables, nadie estaria dispuesto a vivir.
Sisters in battle, I am shield and blade to you. As I breathe, your enemies will know no sanctuary. While I live, your cause is mine.
Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion, follow humbly wherever and to whatever abysses nature leads, or you shall learn nothing. I have only begun to learn content and peace of mind since I have resolved at all risks to do this.
Sit in a room and read--and read and read. And read the right books by the right people. Your mind is brought onto that level, and you have a nice, mild, slow-burning rapture all the time.
Sit still with me in the shade of these green trees, which have no weightier thought than the withering of their leaves when autumn arrives, or the stretching of their many stiff fingers into the cold sky of the passing winter. Sit still with me and meditate on how useless effort is, how alien the will, and on how our very meditation is no more useful than effort, and no more our own than the will. Meditate too on how a life that wants nothing can have no weight in the flux of things, but a life the wants everything can likewise have no weight in the flux of things, since it cannot obtain everything, and to obtain less than everything is not worthy of souls that seek the truth.
Sitting still is a pain in the ass.
Sitting there on the heather, on our planetary grain, I shrank from the abysses that opened up on every side, and in the future. The silent darkness, the featureless unknown, were more dread than all the terrors that imagination had mustered. Peering, the mind could see nothing sure, nothing in all human experience to be grasped as certain, except uncertainty itself; nothing but obscurity gendered by a thick haze of theories. Man's science was a mere mist of numbers; his philosophy but a fog of words. His very perception of this rocky grain and all its wonders was but a shifting and a lying apparition. Even oneself, that seeming-central fact, was a mere phantom, so deceptive, that the most honest of men must question his own honesty, so insubstantial that he must even doubt his very existence.
Skepticism is the agent of reason against organized irrationalism--and is therefore one of the keys to human social and civic decency.
Skepticism is thus a resting-place for human reason, where it can reflect upon its dogmatic wanderings and make survey of the region in which it finds itself, so that for the future it may be able to choose its path with more certainty. But it is no dwelling-place for permanent settlement. Such can be obtained only through perfect certainty in our knowledge, alike of the objects themselves and of the limits within which all our knowledge of objects is enclosed.
Skies are crying,
Skills are cheap. Passion is priceless.
Slice a pear and you will find that its flesh is incandescent white. It glows with inner light. Those who carry a knife and a pear are never afraid of the dark.
Slowly we became silent, and silence itself if an enemy to friendship.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
Small is the number of them that see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.
Smartass Disciple: Master, do you really believe in the second chance?
Smash forehead on keyboard to continue.
Smile at strangers and you just might change a life.
Smile, it makes people wonder what you're thinking.
smile, it may solve, all problems you have got.
Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors.
Snow floated down every once in a while, but it was frail snow, like a memory fading into the distance.
Soar with wit. Conquer with dignity. Handle with care.
Socialism has no moral justification whatsoever; poor people are not morally superior to rich people, nor are they owed anything by rich people simply because of their lack of success. Charity is not a socialist concept - it is a religious one, an acknowledgment of God's sovereignty over property, a sovereignty the Left utterly rejects.
Society breeds convention.
Society can and does execute its own mandates: and if it issues wrong mandates instead of right, or any mandates at all in things with it ought not to meddle, it practices a social tyranny more formidable than many kinds of political oppression, since, though not usually upheld by such extreme penalties, it leaves fewer means of escape, penetrating much more deeply into the details of life, and enslaving the soul itself.
Society can and does execute its own mandates: and if it issues wrong mandates instead of right, or any mandates at all in things with which it ought not to meddle, it practises a social tyranny more formidable than many kinds of political oppression...
Society is joint action and cooperation in which each participant sees the other partner's success as a means for the attainment of his own.
Society will always be too fragile to accept us for all that makes us beautiful.
So cold, so icy, that one burns one's finger at the touch of him! Every hand that lays hold of him shrinks back!--And for that very reason many think him red-hot.
Socrates: Have you noticed on our journey how often the citizens of this new land remind each other it is a free country?
Socrates himself said, 'One thing only I know, and this is that I know nothing.'
Socrates should have written comics.
Socrates: This man, on one hand, believes that he knows something, while not knowing [anything]. On the other hand, I -- equally ignorant -- do not believe [that I know anything].
So early in my life, I had learned that if you want something, you had better make some noise.
Software is like sex: It's better when it's free.
So, have we solved the secret of happiness?
So he came to realize that learning a language was perhaps the most profound thing a man could do. Not only did it require wrapping different sounds around the very movement of your soul, it involved learning things somehow already known, as though much of what he was somehow existed apart from him. A kind of enlightenment accompanied these first lessons, a deeper understanding of self.
So I feel like success is opportunity plus preparation, so work begets work, and as long as you're prepared it's going to continue to come your way.
So it follows that those who have reason have freedom to will or not to will, although this freedom is not equal in all of them. human souls are more free when they persevere in the contemplation of the mind of God, less free when they descend to the corporeal, and even less free when they are entirely imprisoned in earthly flesh and blood.
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.
So, let me get this straight-- You want me to stop being a lesbian and being attracted to women because it is a 'sin'? Last time I checked, when you lie you are sinning. Sure, I could tell you I am no longer a lesbian or that I am no longer attracted to women and am straight, or I could even tell you the moon is made of cheese. I could tell you many things, but the moon will still not be made of cheese, and I will still not be attracted to men. I could tell you a lie in order to placate you, but isn't the truth supposed to set me free? I choose truth over lies any day of the week.
So long as thou feelest the stars as an "above thee," thou lackest the eye of the discerning one.
So long as you do no harm to another, change your opinion once in a while. Contradict yourself without being embarrassed. This is your right. It doesn't matter what others think -because that's what they will think, in any case.
So long as you fight the darkness, you stand in the light.
So many other planets
So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.
So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more dangerous to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.
So many people walk around with a meaningless life. They seem half-asleep, even when they're busy doing things they think are important. This is because they're chasing the wrong things. The way you get meaning into your life is to devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to your community around you, and devote yourself to creating something that gives you purpose and meaning.
So many things are possible as long as you don't know they are impossible.
Somebody has to start. Somebody has to step forward and do what is right, because it is right.
Some concepts are so incredibly risky they take an honest fool to try to articulate them.
Some couples were just meant to be together.
Someday is not a day of the week.
Someday is now.
Some day people will ask me what is the key to my success...and I will simply say, "good Karma.
Some days are like this. And the only way to get through them is to remember that they are only one day, and that every day ends.
Some days you are the fly, other days you are the windscreen.
Someday you will write a book.
Some drink at the fountain of knowledge...others just gargle.
Somehow difficulties are easier to endure when you know your dream is waiting for you at the end.
Somehow I can't believe that there are any heights that can't be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four C s. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy.
Somehow I can't believe that there are any heights that can't be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four Cs. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy, and the greatest of all is confidence. When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
Somehow, we'll find it. The balance between whom we wish to be and whom we need to be. But for now, we simply have to be satisfied with who we are.
Some may say Ruby is a bad rip-off of Lisp or Smalltalk, and I admit that. But it is nicer to ordinary people.
Some mornings, it's just not worth chewing through the leather straps.
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
Some of us are busy doing things; some of us are busy complaining.
Some of us go full circle. Some of us blindly go nowhere. The circle doesn't have to be very large to make a point, kick your ass and/or be entertaining. Remember that and stay light. Even the deaf know good music when they hear it.
Someone forgot to tell the Illuminati where the light switch was.
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Someone with their feet planted firmly on the ground has no hope of reaching the stars.
Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some people move our souls to dance. They awaken us to a new understanding with the passing whisper of their wisdom. Some people make the sky more beautiful to gaze upon. They stay in our lives for awhile, leave footprints on our hearts, and we are never, ever the same.
Some people could look at a mud puddle and see an ocean with ships.
Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen.
Some people grumble because roses have thorns; I am thankful that the thorns have roses.
Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.
Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep
Some people try to tell you the things you want in life are out of your grasp, while others lift you up on their shoulders and help you reach them. I may not know a lot, but I prefer to fill my life with people who let me climb on top of their shoulders, not people who try to keep me planted on the ground.
Some say I'm an overnight success. Well, that was a very long night that lasted about 10 years.
Something amazing happens when you're in love and don't give a damn about what day it is anymore.
Some things cannot be taught; they must be experienced. You never learn the most valuable lessons in life until you go through your own journey.
Sometimes a little discomfort in the beginning can save a whole lot of pain down the road.
Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear; all he or she needs is to talk it out. Just offering a listening ear and an understanding heart for his or her suffering can be a big comfort.
Sometimes all the players get a bad hand. You just have to be determined enough to see the game through.
Sometimes, as we're stumbling along in the dark, we hit something good.
Sometimes change was good. Sometimes it was even exactly what you needed.
Sometimes God allows what he hates to accomplish what he loves.
Sometimes God makes better choices for us than we could have ever made for ourselves.
Sometimes I arrive just when God's ready to have somone click the shutter.
Sometimes I go to God and say, "God, if Thou dost never answer another prayer while I live on this earth, I will still worship Thee as long as I live and in the ages to come for what Thou hast done already. God's already put me so far in debt that if I were to live one million millenniums I couldn't pay Him for what He's done for me.
Sometimes I lie awake at night and I ask, "Is life a multiple choice test or is it a true or false test?" ...Then a voice comes to me out of the dark and says, "We hate to tell you this but life is a thousand word essay.
Sometimes I lie awake at night, and I ask, "Where have I gone wrong?" Then a voice says to me, "This is going to take more than one night."
Sometimes I'm too frightened to be myself.
Sometimes, in a summer morning,
Sometimes in life the path gets narrow even as the road get wide and one still gets lost
Sometimes it falls upon a generation to be great, you can be that generation
Sometimes I think my head is so big because it is so full of dreams
Sometimes I think we're alone in the universe, and sometimes I think we're not. In either case the idea is quite staggering.
Sometimes it's the same moments that take your breath away that breathe purpose and love back into your life.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
Sometimes letting go is simply changing the labels you place on an event. Looking at the same event with fresh eyes.
Sometimes life is like two lost people giving each other directions"
Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
Sometimes not telling people anything is a good thing.
Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.
Sometimes people are abundant not in their actions but who they truly are.
Sometimes... Reason and Love are met with a violent ignorance that even what's right gets lost. Our heart bleeds, but when does the blood shed end and the healing begin?
Sometimes small things can become very large, indeed.
Sometimes success isn't about making the right decision, it's more about making some decision.
Sometimes the best of gods gift's arrive by the shattering of all the window panes.
Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.
Sometimes the most beautiful people are beautifully broken.
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
Sometimes the only way to succeed is to fail backwards
Sometimes, the simple things are more fun and meaningful than all the banquets in the world ...
Sometimes the sound of silence is the most deafening sound of all.
Sometimes to self-discover you must self-destruct.
Sometimes to stand out you need to sit down.
Sometimes we know in our bones what we really need to do, but we're afraid to do it. Taking a chance and stepping beyond the safety of the world we've always known is the only way to grow, though and without risk there is no reward.
Sometimes we may ask God for success, and He gives us physical and mental stamina. We might plead for prosperity, and we receive enlarged perspective and increased patience, or we petition for growth and are blessed with the gift of grace. He may bestow upon us conviction and confidence as we strive to achieve worthy goals.
Sometimes when I have a mountain of paperwork, I dream of how many paper planes I can make.
Sometimes when I wake up I feel like that I don't really know the person next to me.
Sometimes when learning comes before experience it doesn't make sense right away.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.
Sometimes with the most intense pain a paralysis of sensibility occurs. The soul disintegrates--hence the deadly frost--the free power of the mind--the shattering, ceaseless wit of this kind of despair. There is no inclination for anything any more--the person is alone, like a baleful power--as he has no connection with the rest of the world he consumes himself gradually--and in accordance with his own principle he is--misanthropic and misotheos.
Sometimes you can learn, even from a bad experience. By coping you become stronger. The pain does not go away, but it becomes manageable.
Sometimes you can see things happen right in front of your eyes and still jump to the wrong conclusions.
Sometimes you don't realize how special something is until you lose it. Thats how I feel about Ramadan every year.
Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.
Sometimes you have to steer away from the crowd in order to be a better person. It's not always easy, that's for sure. But it's right. And sometimes doing the right thing feels good, even if it does end up in a trip to the principal's office.
Sometimes you just have to jump out the window and grow wings on the way down.
Sometimes you need to push people into the deep for some people will never learn to swim if they've never been taught how it feels to drown.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
Sometimes you've got to be able to listen to yourself and be okay with no one else understanding.
Some want to live within the sound
Some way some how i'm going to be happy i'm going to laugh i'm going to prosper,i feel good that i remain positive thru these mess up times!!!
Some we proudly display on our arms, while others we shyly conceal. Tattoo the moments of sorrow as well as the moments of splendor and beauty. Tattoo in an acknowledgment and tribute to home, and tattooing your beliefs that define who you are. Whether we intended to or not, every moment of our lives are tattooed to our heart.
Somewhere along the way we all go a bit mad. So burn, let go and dive into the horror, because maybe it's the chaos which helps us find where we belong.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Some years ago I was struck by the large number of falsehoods that I had accepted as true in my childhood, and by the highly doubtful nature of the whole edifice that I had subsequently based on them. I realized that it was necessary, once in the course of my life, to demolish everything completely and start again right from the foundations if I wanted to establish anything at all in the sciences that was stable and likely to last.
So much for endings. Beginnings are always more fun. True connoisseurs, however, are known to favor the stretch in between, since it's the hardest to do anything with. That's about all that can be said for plots, which anyway are just one thing after another, a what and a what and a what.
songs, to me, were more important than just light entertainment. They were my preceptor and guide into some altered consciousness of reality. Some different republic, some liberated republic... whatever the case, it wasn't that I was anti-popular culture or anything and I had no ambition to stir things up. I just thought of mainstream culture as lame as hell and a big trick. It was like the unbroken sea of frost that lay outside the window and you had to have awkward footgear to walk with.
Son, never trust a man who doesn't drink because he's probably a self-righteous sort, a man who thinks he knows right from wrong all the time. Some of them are good men, but in the name of goodness, they cause most of the suffering in the world. They're the judges, the meddlers. And, son, never trust a man who drinks but refuses to get drunk. They're usually afraid of something deep down inside, either that they're a coward or a fool or mean and violent. You can't trust a man who's afraid of himself. But sometimes, son, you can trust a man who occasionally kneels before a toilet. The chances are that he is learning something about humility and his natural human foolishness, about how to survive himself. It's damned hard for a man to take himself too seriously when he's heaving his guts into a dirty toilet bowl.
So powerful is the light of unity that it can illuminate the whole earth.
Sorrow comes from fear, fear comes from insecurity, insecurity comes from psychological obscurity, which is the lack of wisdom.
Sorry to be a wet blanket.   Writing a description for this thing for general audiences is bloody hard.   There's nothing to relate it to.
So that others can live in peace, talk about love and peace wherever you go.
So that's my wish for you, and all of us, and my wish for myself. Make New Mistakes. Make glorious, amazing mistakes. Make mistakes nobody's ever made before. Don't freeze, don't stop, don't worry that it isn't good enough, or it isn't perfect, whatever it is: art, or love, or work or family or life.
So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.
So tonight I reach for my journal again. This is the first time I've done this since I came to Italy. What I write in my journal is that I am weak and full of fear. I explain that Depression and Loneliness have shown up, and I'm scared they will never leave. I say that I don't want to take the drugs anymore, but I'm frightened I will have to. I am terrified that I will never really pull my life together.
Souls are like athletes, that need opponents worthy of them, if they are to be tried and extended and pushed to the full use of their powers, and rewarded according to their capacity.
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.
Sound methodology can empower and liberate the creative mind; it cannot inflame or inspire the drudge.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
So - what are the most important problems in software engineering? I'd answer "dealing with complexity".
So what? You're another person, so of course you look different. What do you need to be ashamed for?
So, when on one side you hoist in Locke's head, you go over that way; but now, on the other side, hoist in Kant's and you come back again; but in very poor plight. Thus, some minds for ever keep trimming boat. Oh, ye foolish! throw all these thunder-heads overboard, and then you will float light and right.
So you think that money is the root of all evil? Have you ever asked what is the root of money? Money is a tool of exchange, which can't exist unless there are goods produced and men able to produce them. Money is the material shape of the principle that men who wish to deal with one another must deal by trade and give value for value. Money is not the tool of the moochers, who claim your product by tears, or of the looters, who take it from you by force. Money is made possible only by the men who produce. Is this what you consider evil?
Space exploration is important research to our economic and national defense, and America's space program is a symbol of our success as a scientifically and technologically advanced nation.
Space is an inspirational concept that allows you to dream big.
Speak when you are angry, and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourslef or to gossip about others. Use your power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Spend the afternoon, you can't take it with you.
Spirituality is not to be learned by flight from the world, or by running away from things, or by turning solitary and going apart from the world. Rather, we must learn an inner solitude wherever or with whomsoever we may be. We must learn to penetrate things and find God there.
Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.
Sport is something that is very inspirational for young people.
Spring invites us into a fairy land of imagination where flowers bloom with joy, butterflies fly with song, and love dances with love.
Stand firm in the Lord. Stand firm and let Him fight your battle. Do not try to fight alone.
Standing in the middle between the idea of an event and the actual event, a strange kind of physical reality just in the middle between possibility and reality.
Stand in the divine rain, and seeds of wisdom will grow in your soul.
Stand up and walk. Move on. After all, you have perfect legs to stand on.
Staring at a world too horrible to comprehend, believing -- by dint of ignorance and innocence -- that beneath this unbearable contract of guilt and blame there is always an older contract that may bind and release in a more salutary way.
stars -- could all those stars set over barren planets, beauty wasted? Or, are sunsets witnessed throughout the universe?
Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah...it makes absolutely no difference what people think of you.
Start by doing what is necessary, then what is possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
Start where you are. Distant fields always look greener, but opportunity lies right where you are. Take advantage of every opportunity of service.
Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Start writing, no matter what. The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on.
'Star Wars' is fun, its exciting, its inspirational, and people respond to that. It's what they want.
State is the root of all evil. In particular functions with side effects should be avoided.
Status quo, you know, is Latin for 'the mess we're in'.
Stay classy but not bossy.
Stay committed in your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Stay curious and stay joyful.
Stay curious! Life is simple but mysterious.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.
Stay thirsty for love. Stay hungry for life. Stay curious for innovation.
Stella! Hey, Stella!
Stem cell research holds enormous promise for easing human suffering, and federal support is critical to its success.
Step by step and the thing is done.
Step follows step,
Step out of my sunlight.
Step out of the history that is holding you back. Step into the new story you are willing to create.
Stepping onto a brand-new path is difficult, but not more difficult than remaining in a situation, which is not nurturing to the whole woman.
Stercus accidit.
Steroids do not guarantee you're going to have success. I think a lot of people think that they will, but they don't.
St. Francis of Assisi taught me that there is a wound in the Creation and that the greatest use we could make of our lives was to ask to be made a healer of it.
Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken!
Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken.
Still less, despite appearances, will it have been a collection of three "essays" whose itinerary it would be time, after the fact, to recognize; whose continuity and underlying laws could now be pointed out; indeed, whose overall concept or meaning could at last, with all the insistence required on such occasions, be squarely set forth. I will not feign, according to the code, either premeditation or improvisation. These texts are assembled otherwise; it is not my intention here to present them.
Stop acting weak. You have more power than you can imagine.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right.
Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.
Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.
Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.
Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.
Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.
Stop feeling sorry for yourself and you will be happy.
Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.
Stop giving your life away to other people.
Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind and emotions.
Stop searching the world for treasure, the real treasure is in yourself.
Stop thinking gratitude as a buy product of your circumstances and start thinking of it as a world view.
Stories are like genies...They can carry us into and though our sorrows. Sometimes they burn, sometimes they dance, sometimes they weep, sometimes they sing. Like genies, everyone has one. Like genies, sometimes we forget that we do.
Stories never really end...even if the books like to pretend they do. Stories always go on. They don't end on the last page, any more than they begin on the first page.
Storms make trees take deeper roots.
Strange!
Strangers are friends you have yet to meet.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths.
Strength is Life, Weakness is Death.
striid andWthdraw into yourself. Our master-reason asks no more than to act justly, and thereby to achieve calm.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Strive to be first: first to nod, first to smile, first to compliment, and first to forgive.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don't need the approval of others.
Struggling and suffering are the essence of a life worth living. If you're not pushing yourself beyond the comfort zone, if you're not demanding more from yourself - expanding and learning as you go - you're choosing a numb existence. You're denying yourself an extraordinary trip.
Students of the heavens are separable into astronomers and astrologers as readily as are the minor domestic ruminants into sheep and goats, but the separation of philosophers into sages and cranks seems to be more sensitive to frames of reference.
Students should be evaluated on how well they can achieve the goals they strived to achieve within a realistic context. Students need to learn to do things, not know things.
Study, along the lines which the theologies have mapped, will never lead us to discovery of the fundamental facts of our existence. That goal must be attained by means of exact science and can only be achieved by such means. The fact that man, for ages, has superstitiously believed in what he calls a God does not prove at all that his theory has been right. There have been many gods -- all makeshifts, born of inability to fathom the deep fundamental truth. There must be something at the bottom of existence, and man, in ignorance, being unable to discover what it is through reason, because his reason has been so imperfect, undeveloped, has used, instead, imagination, and created figments, of one kind or another, which, according to the country he was born in, the suggestions of his environment, satisfied him for the time being. Not one of all the gods of all the various theologies has ever really been proved. We accept no ordinary scientific fact without the final proof; why should we, then, be satisfied in this most mighty of all matters, with a mere theory?
stumble from defeat to defeat.
Subjectivity is strange to Science, while Relativity is an objective part of it.
Sublime natures are seldom clean!
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.
Success and failure are equally disastrous.
Success at the highest level comes down to one question: Can you decide that your happiness can come from someone else's success?
Success breeds complacency. Complacency breeds failure. Only the paranoid survive.
Success breeds success.
Success breeds success, and failure leads to a sort of fallow period.
Success can make you go one of two ways. It can make you a prima donna - or it can smooth the edges, take away the insecurities, let the nice things come out.
Success cannot come from standstill men. Methods change and men must change with them.
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.
Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?
Success comes in waves.
Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life. To be successful, it is also very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head.
Success comes when people act together; failure tends to happen alone.
Success consecrates the most offensive crimes.
Success consists in being successful, not in having potential for success. Any wide piece of ground is the potential site of a palace, but there's no palace till it's built.
Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Success demands singleness of purpose.
Success depends almost entirely on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.
Success depends in a very large measure upon individual initiative and exertion, and cannot be achieved except by a dint of hard work.
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.
Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable.
Success does not come to you, you go to it.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
Success doesn't mean that you are healthy, success doesn't mean that you're happy, success doesn't mean that you're rested. Success really doesn't mean that you look good, or feel good, or are good.
Success doesn't necessarily come from breakthrough innovation but from flawless execution. A great strategy alone won't win a game or a battle; the win comes from basic blocking and tackling.
Success follows those adept at preserving the substance of the past by clothing it in the forms of the future.
Success for me its to raise happy, healthy human beings.
Success for me means being able to work. I don't look at so much at what I've done as much as I look to what I will do.
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.
Successful entrepreneurs find the balance between listening to their inner voice and staying persistent in driving for success - because sometimes success is waiting right across from the transitional bump that's disguised as failure.
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose.
Successful people breed success.
Successful people don't have fewer problems. They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to doDon't wish it were easier, wish you were better.
Successful people have libraries. The rest have big screen TVs
Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure--learn the lessons and adapt from it.
Successful people make money. It's not that people who make money become successful, but that successful people attract money. They bring success to what they do.
Success has always been a great liar.
Success has always been easy to measure. It is the distance between one's origins and one's final achievement.
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.
Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.
Success in almost any field depends more on energy and drive than it does on intelligence. This explains why we have so many stupid leaders.
Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self.
Success in business today requires real-time, mobile access to business opportunities.
Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best.
Success in life is founded upon attention to the small things rather than to the large things; to the every day things nearest to us rather than to the things that are remote and uncommon.
Success in management requires learning as fast as the world is changing.
Success in the majority of circumstances depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.
Success in training the boy depends largely on the Scoutmaster's own personal example.
Success is 99 percent failure.
Success is about dedication. You may not be where you want to be or do what you want to do when you're on the journey. But you've got to be willing to have vision and foresight that leads you to an incredible end.
Success is about enjoying what you have and where you are, while pursuing achievable goals.
Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.
Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses.
Success is a consequence and must not be a goal.
Success is a great deodorant.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.
Success is all about persistence and doing the right thing for the long term.
Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence. The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Success is always temporary. When all is said and one, the only thing you'll have left is your character.
Success is an absurd, erratic thing. She arrives when one least expects her and after she has come may depart again almost because of a whim.
Success is a process, a quality of mind and way of being, an outgoing affirmation of life.
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
Success is a terrible thing and a wonderful thing. If you can enjoy it, it's wonderful. If it starts eating away at you, and they're waiting for more from me, or what can I do to top this, then you're in trouble. Just do what you love. That's all I want to do.
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it... Success is shy - it won't come out while you're watching.
Success is counted sweetest by those who never succeed.
Success is dangerous. One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility.
Success is dependent on effort.
Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands.
Success is determined not by whether or not you face obstacles, but by your reaction to them. And if you look at these obstacles as a containing fence, they become your excuse for failure. If you look at them as a hurdle, each one strengthens you for the next.
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Success is due to our stretching to the challenges of life. Failure comes when we shrink from them.
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.
Success is finding satisfaction in giving a little more than you take.
Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve.
Success is following the pattern of life one enjoys most.
Success is full of promise till one gets it, and then it seems like a nest from which the bird has flown.
Success is getting and achieving what you want. Happiness is wanting and being content with what you get.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Success is going from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
Success is just being happy. And I try so many different things. I do a lot of different things. Because I think God has helped me to love myself. I know who God is, and I love God.
Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.
Success is...knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.
Success is like death. The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higher the fences get.
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
Success is little more than a chemical compound of man with moment.
Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.
Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline.
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
Success is not a destination, but the road that you're on. Being successful means that you're working hard and walking your walk every day. You can only live your dream by working hard towards it. That's living your dream.
Success is not a function of the size of your title but the richness of your contribution.
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
Success is not a matter of mastering subtle, sophisticated theory but rather of embracing common sense with uncommon levels of discipline and persistence.
Success is not a place at which one arrives but rather the spirit with which one undertakes and continues the journey.
Success is not assured, but America is resolute: this is the best chance for peace we are likely to see for some years to come - and we are acting to help Israelis and Palestinians seize this chance.
Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Success is not greedy, as people think, but insignificant. That is why it satisfies nobody.
Success is nothing if you don't have the right people to share it with; you're just gonna end up lonely.
Success is nothing more or less than being who you want to be; progressing toward your ideal each day.
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Success is not in never failing, but rising everytime you fall!
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds.
Success is not only one thing. It's not only having a nice house in Beverly Hills and driving a nice Mercedes.
Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you do, you'll be successful.
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.
Success is not two cars or a swimming pool. It's the approval of your peers.
Success isn't about the end result, it's about what you learn along the way.
Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come.
Success isn't always going to be a huge contract; success is going to be if you just live out your purpose in life.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Success isn't everything but it makes a man stand straight.
Success isn't measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.
Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own.
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Success is survival.
Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats.
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.
Success is the American Dream. And that success is not something to be ashamed of, or to demonize.
Success is the child of audacity.
Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours.
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have.
Success is the most important to many, to me it's just a bonus.
Success is the one unpardonable sin against our fellows.
Success is the only motivational factor that a boy with character needs.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals.
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
Success is the space one occupies in the newspaper. Success is one day's insolence.
Success is the sum of details.
Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated day in and day out.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
Success is the sweetest revenge.
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.
Success is tricky to deal with, both professionally and in your personal life.
Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Success is what you do with your ability. It's how you use your talent.
Success is when you see something, and you say, 'I want to do that,' and then you do it. It's being happy with what you do and doing what you love every day.
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.
Success - it's what you do with what you've got.
Success - keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep.
Success lies in the hands of those who want it.
Success listens only to applause. To all else it is deaf.
Success makes men rigid and they tend to exalt stability over all the other virtues; tired of the effort of willing they become fanatics about conservatism.
Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
Success produces confidence; confidence relaxes industry, and negligence ruins the reputation which accuracy had raised.
Success represents the 1% of your work which results from the 99% that is called failure.
Success requires first expending ten units of effort to produce one unit of results. Your momentum will then produce ten units of results with each unit of effort.
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
Success to me is being a good person, treating people well.
Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Success without happiness is nothing but miserable darkness.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.
Success? You can't get a big head about it. When people stare at me, they could be whispering to their friend, 'That guy sucks! Have you seen him before? He's horrible.'
Such a faith would be fatal to my reason, to my liberty, and even to the success of my undertakings; it would immediately transform me into a stupid slave, an instrument of the will and interests of others.
Such Excessive Preoccupation With The Faults Of Others Only Manages To Bring The Spotlight To Shine Bright On Whatever It Is You May Have Hiding Behind All Your Self Perceived Glory.
Suddenly, everything was beautiful. The way she viewed the world was nothing more but a reflection of herself.
Sudden success in golf is like the sudden acquisition of wealth. It is apt to unsettle and deteriorate the character.
Sufficiently simple natural structures are predictable but uncontrollable, whereas sufficiently complex symbolic descriptions are controllable but unpredictable.
Sugar, it's no parade but you'll get down the street one way or another, so you'd just as well throw your shoulders back and pick up the pace.
Suicidal glory is the luxury of the irresponsible.
Summer is for surrendering; winter is for wondering.
Summer is singing with joy, and the beaches are inviting you with dancing waves.
Super-ambitious goals tend to be unifying and energizing to people; but only if they believe there's a chance of success.
Supposing there is no life everlasting. Think what it means if death is really the end of all things. They've given up all for nothing. They've been cheated. They're dupes."
Sure, I could tell you I am no longer a lesbian or that I am no longer attracted to women and am straight, or I could even tell you the moon is made of cheese. I could tell you many things, but the moon will still not be made of cheese, and I will still not be attracted to men.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to take you higher.
Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams:
Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your Dreams
Survival was my only hope, success my only revenge.
Survivors can't always choose their methods.
Sushi rocks my world as no other food can!
Sustainability is the key to our survival on this planet and will also determine success on all levels.
Sweat is fat crying.
Swords can win territories but not hearts, forces can bend heads but not minds.
"Sympathy for all"--would be harshness and tyranny for THEE, my good neighbour.
Tact is the ability to make a person see lightning without letting him feel the bolt.
Take a fish out of water it dies.
Take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly, and try another. But by all means, try something.
Take a moment to focus on your breathing.
Take control of your destiny. Believe in yourself. Ignore those who try to discourage you. Avoid negative sources, people, places, things and habits. Don't give up and don't give in.
Take it easy, but take it.
Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I've said before, bugs in amber.
Take my advice: If the recipe calls for ""3 handfuls of lava,"" it's really not worth the effort.
Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people's hands.
Take the chance while you still have the choice.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life  think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
take what you can from your dreams
Take wrong turns. Talk to strangers. Open unmarked doors. And if you see a group of people in a field, go find out what they are doing. Do things without always knowing how they'll turn out. You're curious and smart and bored, and all you see is the choice between working hard and slacking off. There are so many adventures that you miss because you're waiting to think of a plan. To find them, look for tiny interesting choices. And remember that you are always making up the future as you go.
Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are your ready?'
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.
Talent is a gift, but character is a choice.
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
Talkers are no good doers.
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand
Tapi Tuhan juga seperti punya jatah waktu yang boleh kita habiskan
Taxation is the price we pay for failing to build a civilized society. The higher the tax level, the greater the failure. A centrally planned totalitarian state represents a complete defeat for the civilized world, while a totally voluntary society represents its ultimate success.
Taxes are what we pay for civilized society.
Teachers are always trying to inspire people to do better, to learn, to grow. That's what we do, and we're proud of the success we've had here doing that, and it's something we'll certainly continue to do.
Teachers need to be more inspirational. But it's also up to engineering to make itself more interesting.
Teach her that the idea of 'gender roles' is absolute nonsense. Do not ever tell her that she should or should not do something because she is a girl.
Teaching the layperson (divulgare) is not distorting (tergiversare) the subject, but educating the public; and it is our duty as scientists to educate without distorting the essence of the scientific knowledge attained by humanity. The future of our society depends upon this premise.
Teaching to unsuspecting youngsters the effective use of formal methods is one of the joys of life because it is so extremely rewarding.
Teach thy tongue to say, "I do not know," and thous shalt progress.
Teaism is a cult founded on the adoration of the beautiful among the sordid facts of everyday existence. It inculcates purity and harmony, the mystery of mutual charity, the romanticism of the social order. It is essentially a worship of the Imperfect, as it is a tender attempt to accomplish something possible in this impossible thing we know as life.
Tearing down the rest of the world won't make you happy. Look inside yourself. Because finding who you were meant to be? What you were put into this world to do? That's what fills the emptiness. It's the only things that can.
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.
Tears are words that need to be written.
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams.
Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master.
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.
Teddy Bears never forget, but we do!
Telecom is a dramatic success in India and our view is, respecting the political process, and respecting the fact that these are sovereign decisions, is that, approaching India as a friend.
Television is not real life. In real life people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to jobs.
Television's perfect. You turn a few knobs, a few of those mechanical adjustments at which the higher apes are so proficient, and lean back and drain your mind of all thought. And there you are watching the bubbles in the primeval ooze. You don't have to concentrate. You don't have to react. You don't have to remember. You don't miss your brain because you don't need it. Your heart and liver and lungs continue to function normally. Apart from that, all is peace and quiet. You are in the man's nirvana. And if some poor nasty minded person comes along and says you look like a fly on a can of garbage, pay him no mind. He probably hasn't got the price of a television set.
Tell all the Truth but tell it slant--
Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe you. Tell him a seat has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch it to be sure.
Tell me and I'll forget; show me and I may remember; involve me and I'll understand.
Tell me something. Do you believe in God?'
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?
Temporary success can be achieved in spite of lack of other fundamental qualities, but no advancements can be maintained without hard work.
Temptation is not to be feared, but controlled.
Temptation is the feeling we get when encountered by an opportunity to do what we innately know we shouldn't.
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
Tensions rise when our ignorance is on the ascendance.
Ten years from now, make sure you can say that you chose your life, you didn't settle for it.
Terror strikes at the heart of the frightened.
Testing shows the presence, not the absence of bugs
Thank goodness we don't have only serious problems, but ridiculous ones as well.
Thank heaven for people who are satisfied with facts that conform to the reality they wish to believe.
that as long as we are being remembered, we remain alive.
That brain of mine is something more than merely mortal, as time will show.
That is an artist as I love artists, modest in his needs: he really wants only two things, his bread and his art--panem et Circen. ["bread and Circe"]
That is the hardest thing of all. It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself, it's because you're truly a wise man.
That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.
That'll do, pig. That'll do.
That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much.
That proves you are unusual," returned the Scarecrow; "and I am convinced that the only people worthy of consideration in this world are the unusual ones. For the common folks are like the leaves of a tree, and live and die unnoticed.
That's a misconception, Lennie. The sky is everywhere, it begins at your feet.
That's chess!" snapped Ron. "You've got to make some sacrifices!
That should be the measure of success for everyone. It's not money, it's not fame, it's not celebrity; my index of success is happiness.
That's not a bad word...hate and war are bad words, but fuck isn't.
That's OK. I don't remember my name either.
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind
That's the key to success, isn't it? It has to be fun.
That's the thing about love
That's what you want to do? Then nothing beats a trial but a failure. Give it everything you've got. I've told you many times, 'Cant do is like Dont Care.' Neither of them have a home.
That's your COMPETITION.
That which an age considers evil is usually an unseasonable echo of what was formerly considered good--the atavism of an old ideal.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
That which God said to the rose, and caused it to laugh in full-blown beauty, He said to my heart, and made it a hundred times more beautiful.
That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do, not that the nature of the thing has changed, but our power to do so is increased.
That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do, not that the nature of the thing has changed but that our power to do has increased.
that you would not anticipate misery since the evils you dread as coming upon you may perhaps never reach you at least they are not yet come Thus some things torture us more than they ought, some before they ought and some which ought never to torture us at all. We heighten our pain either by presupposing a cause or anticipation
The abdomen, the chest, and the brain will forever be shut from the intrusion of the wise and humane surgeon.
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.
The absence of the will to live is, alas, not sufficient to make one want to die.
The actuality of us being cognizant and accepting of the fact we are but a speck of sand in a universe sized desert, whose existence is irrelevant to any facet of universal function is a hard pill to swallow. Knowing the world will go on for another billion years after death and you will have no recollection of anything, just as you have no recollection of the billion years before your birth is a mind-boggling intuition,
The adventure of life is to learn. The purpose of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of like is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The spice of life is to befriend. The beauty of life is to give.
The advocates of a criminal are seldom artists enough to turn the beautiful terribleness of the deed to the advantage of the doer.
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
The aim of every artist is to arrest motion, which is life, by artificial means and hold it fixed so that a hundred years later, when a stranger looks at it, it moves again since it is life.
The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex facts. We are apt to fall into the error of thinking that the facts are simple because simplicity is the goal of our quest. The guiding motto in the life of every natural philosopher should be, 'Seek simplicity and distrust it.
The air is full of empty promises.
The amazing thing is that every atom in your body came from a star that exploded. And, the atoms in your left hand probably came from a different star than your right hand. It really is the most poetic thing I know about physics: You are all stardust. You couldn't be here if stars hadn't exploded, because the elements - the carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, iron, all the things that matter for evolution - weren't created at the beginning of time. They were created in the nuclear furnaces of stars, and the only way they could get into your body is if those stars were kind enough to explode. So, forget Jesus. The stars died so that you could be here today.
The American city should be a collection of communities where every member has a right to belong. It should be a place where every man feels safe on his streets and in the house of his friends.
The American Dream is one of success, home ownership, college education for one's children, and have a secure job to provide these and other goals.
The amount of sleep needed by the average person is ten minutes more.
The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.
The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success.
The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
The art of music is good, for the reason, among others, that it produces pleasure; but what proof is it possible to give that pleasure is good? If, then, it is asserted that there is a comprehensive formula, including all things which are in themselves good, and that whatever else is good, is not so as an end, but as a mean, the formula may be accepted or rejected, but is not a subject of what is commonly understood by proof.
The art of programming is the art of organizing complexity, of mastering multitude and avoiding its bastard chaos as effectively as possible.
The atheist staring from his attic window is often nearer to God than the believer caught up in his own false image of God.
The authentic self is the soul made visible.
The average person puts only 25% of his energy into his work. The world takes off its hat to those who put in more than 50% of their capacity, and stands on its head for those few and far between souls who devote 100%.
The awful thing is that if i can forget they're people, it will be no different at all
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot.
The battle of life is, in most cases, fought uphill; and to win it without a struggle were perhaps to win it without honor. If there were no difficulties there would be no success; if there were nothing to struggle for, there would be nothing to be achieved.
The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourselfthe invisible battles inside all of usthat's where it's at.
The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday.
The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you.
The beauty of a living thing is not the atoms that go into it, but the way those atoms are put together.
The beauty of the world...has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
The belly is the reason why man does not so readily take himself for a God.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
The best consolation in misfortune or affliction of any kind will be the thought of other people who are in a still worse plight than yourself; and this is a form of consolation open to every one. But what an awful fate this means for mankind as a whole! We are like lambs in a field, disporting themselves under the eye of the butcher, who chooses out first one and then another for his prey.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
The best discoveries always happened to the people who weren't looking for it. Columbus and America. Pinzon, who stumbled on Brazil while looking for the West Indies. Stanley happening on Victoria Falls. And you. Amy Curry, when I was least expecting her.
The best discoveries always happened to the people who weren't looking for them.
The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.
The best ideas are common property
The best ideas will eat at you for days, maybe even weeks, until something, some incident, some impulse, triggers you to finally express them.
The best is the enemy of the good.
The best kind of humans are the ones who stay.
The best love in the world, is the love of a man. The love of a man who came from your womb, the love of your son! I don't have a daughter, but maybe the love of a daughter is the best, too. I am first and foremost me, but right after that, I am a mother. The best thing that I can ever be, is me. But the best gift that I will ever have, is being a mother.
The best of a book is not the thought which it contains, but the thought which it suggests; just as the charm of music dwells not in the tones but in the echoes of our hearts.
The best of humanity's recorded history is a creative balance between horrors endured and victories achieved, and so it was during the Harlem Renaissance.
The best part of life is not just surviving, but thriving with passion and compassion and humor and style and generosity and kindness.
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
The best proof that He will never cease to love us lies in that He never began.
The best protection any woman can have... is courage.
The best reaction to a paradox is to invent a genuinely new and deep idea.
The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place.
The best relationships in our lives are the best not because they have been the happiest ones, they are that way because they have stayed strong through the most tormentful of storms.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quite alone with the heavens, nature and God.
The best revenge is massive success.
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy.
The best road to progress is freedom's road.
The best ship, the best culture, the best knowledge, is the one which allows us to go farther, explore more territories or oceans of reality, and have the least damaging leaks possible.
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.
The best things in life are crazy.
The best things in life are free.
The best things in life are never rationed. Friendship, loyalty, love, do not require coupons.
The best things in life are unexpected, because there were no expectations.
The best things in life make you sweaty.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
The best way out is always through.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.
The best way to measure how much you've grown isn't by inches or the number of laps you can now run around the track, or even your grade point average-- though those things are important, to be sure. It's what you've done with your time, how you've chosen to spend your days, and whom you've touched this year. That, to me, is the greatest measure of success.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
The best way to prepare for death is to live life to its fullest.
The better organized the state, the duller its humanity.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
The biggest risk is not taking any risk... In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.
The biggest temptation is to settle for too little.
The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
the body is wiser than its inhabitants. the body is the soul. the body is god's messenger.
The bond between husband and wife is a strong one. Suppose the man had hunted her out and brought her back. The memory of her acts would still be there, and inevitably, sooner or later, it would be cause for rancor. When there are crises, incidents, a woman should try to overlook them, for better or for worse, and make the bond into something durable. The wounds will remain, with the woman and with the man, when there are crises such as I have described. It is very foolish for a woman to let a little dalliance upset her so much that she shows her resentment openly. He has his adventures--but if he has fond memories of their early days together, his and hers, she may be sure that she matters. A commotion means the end of everything. She should be quiet and generous, and when something comes up that quite properly arouses her resentment she should make it known by delicate hints. The man will feel guilty and with tactful guidance he will mend his ways. Too much lenience can make a woman seem charmingly docile and trusting, but it can also make her seem somewhat wanting in substance. We have had instances enough of boats abandoned to the winds and waves.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.
The boundaries we erect to divide heaven from earth, mind from matter, real from unreal are mere conveniences. Having made the boundaries, we can unmake them just as easily.
The boundary between what can be and your life, is your ideas.
The bounties of space, of infinite outwardness, were three: empty heroics, low comedy, and pointless death.
The breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea.
The brick walls are there for a reason. The brick walls are not there to keep us out. The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don't want it badly enough. They're there to stop the other people.
The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.
The business of philosophy is to teach man to live in uncertainty... not to reassure him, but to upset him.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
The caged bird sings with a fearful trill,
The cause of most of man's unhappiness is sacrificing what he wants most for what he wants now.
The central bank must be trusted not to debase the currency, but the history of fiat currencies is full of breaches of that trust.
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.
The certainty about the uncertain (in view to life) is that it will remain uncertain till the time its certain.
The challenge is to resist circumstances. Any idiot can be happy in a happy place, but moral courage is required to be happy in a hellhole.
The charm of knowledge would be small, were it not so much shame has to be overcome on the way to it.
The chastest utterance I ever heard: "Dans le veritable amour c'est l'ame qui enveloppe le corps."
The chief executive officer is also the chief sales officer. He or she is responsible for the success of the company and making a profit. The closer the CEO is to the everyday selling process, bringing in business, the more successful the company will become.
The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger--but recognize the opportunity.
The choice of the university is mostly important for the piece of paper you get at the end. The education you get depends on you.
The church has never been asked to explain anything, our speciality, along with ballistics, has always been the neutralisation of the overly curious mind through faith.
The cinema is truth 24 frames-per-second
The clock of time is a wild child, one that can neither be controlled nor disciplined, it simply slips away from your hand while you grapple trying to hold it back.
The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
The command of our language is crucial to focusing our thoughts and communicating them with precision to others.
The common denominator of success is in forming the habit of doing the things that failures don't like to do.
The common idea that success spoils people by making them vain, egotistic and self-complacent is erroneous; on the contrary it makes them, for the most part, humble, tolerant and kind.
The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young.
The competent programmer is fully aware of the strictly limited size of his own skull; therefore he approaches the programming task in full humility, and among other things he avoids clever tricks like the plague.
The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth. The great philosophers have always been able to clear away the complexities and see simple distinctions - simple once they are stated, vastly difficult before. If we are to follow them we too must be childishly simple in our questions - and maturely wise in our replies.
The complexity of our present trouble suggests as never before that we need to change our present concept of education. Education is not properly an industry, and its proper use is not to serve industries, either by job-training or by industry-subsidized research. It's proper use is to enable citizens to live lives that are economically, politically, socially, and culturally responsible. This cannot be done by gathering or "accessing" what we now call "information" - which is to say facts without context and therefore without priority. A proper education enables young people to put their lives in order, which means knowing what things are more important than other things; it means putting first things first.
The concern of man is not his future but his present, not the world but his soul. We must be just, we must strive, we must engage ourselves with the business of the world for our own sake, because through that, and through contemplation in equal measure, our soul is purified and brought closer to the divine. ... Thought and deed conjoined are crucial. ... The attempt must be made; the outcome is irrelevant. Right action is a pale material reflection of the divine, but reflection it is, nonetheless. Define your goal and exert reason to accomplish it by virtuous action; successs or failure is secondary.
The connection between art and Christ is like the connection between sunlight and the sun. It is, in fact, the connection between Sonlight and the Son.
The consequences of our actions seize us by the forelock, very indifferent to the fact that we have meanwhile "reformed."
The contemporary proliferation of bullshit also has deeper sources, in various forms of skepticism which deny that we can have any reliable access to an objective reality and which therefore reject the possibility of knowing how things truly are. These "anti-realist" doctrines undermine confidence in the value of disinterested efforts to determine what is true and what is false, and even in the intelligibility of the notion of objective inquiry. One response to this loss of confidence has been a retreat from the discipline required by dedication to the ideal of correctness to a quite different sort of discipline, which is imposed by pursuit of an alternative ideal of sincerity. Rather than seeking primarily to arrive at accurate representations of a common world, the individual turns toward trying to provide honest representations of himself. Convinced that reality has no inherent nature, which he might hope to identify as the truth about things, he devotes himself to being true to his own nature. It is as though he decides that since it makes no sense to try to be true to the facts, he must therefore try instead to be true to himself.
The Copenhagen Interpretation is sometimes called "model agnosticism" and holds that any grid we use to organize our experience of the world is a model of the world and should not be confused with the world itself.
The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself.
The cost of our success is the exhaustion of natural resources, leading to energy crises, climate change, pollution, and the destruction of our habitat. If you exhaust natural resources, there will be nothing left for your children. If we continue in the same direction, humankind is headed for some frightful ordeals, if not extinction.
The cost of peace is war.
The craving for equality can express itself either as a desire to pull everyone down to our own level or as a desire to raise ourselves up along with everyone else.
The creative person is willing to live with ambiguity. He doesn't need problems solved immediately and can afford to wait for the right ideas.
The creatures that inhabit this earth--be they human beings or animals--are here to contribute, each in its own particular way, to the beauty and prosperity of the world.
The creed which accepts as the foundation of morals, Utility, or the Greatest-Happiness Principle, holds that actions are right in proportion as they tend to promote happiness, wrong as they tend to produce the reverse of happiness. By happiness is intended pleasure, and the absence of pain; by unhappiness, pain, and the privation of pleasure.
The criminal is often enough not equal to his deed: he extenuates and maligns it.
The crisis of today is the joke of tomorrow.
The culture of a workplace - an organization's values, norms and practices - has a huge impact on our happiness and success.
The culture of women in the church today is crippled by some very pervasive lies. "To be spiritual is to be busy. To be spiritual is to be disciplined. To be spiritual is to be dutiful." No, to be spiritual is to be in Romance with God. The desire to be romanced lies deep in the heart of every women. It is for such that you were made. Are you ARE romanced, and ever will be.
The cure for anything is salt water. Sweat, tears or the ocean.
The currency of living is money; the real currency of life is love.
The currency to buy happiness is not money. It is kindness and love.
The cynic sees only cynicism, the depressive can taint creation with one glance
The damage was permanent; there would always be scars. But even the angriest scars faded over time until it was difficult to see them written on the skin at all, and the only thing that remained was the memory of how painful it had been.
The danger today is in believing there are no sick people, there is only a sick society.
The darkening of the world makes the irrationality of art rational: radically darkened art.
The darkness behind my closed eyelids was like the cloud-covered sky, but the gray was somewhat deeper. Every few minutes, someone would come and paint over the gray with a different-textured gray - one with a touch of gold or green or red. I was impressed with the variety of grays that existed. Human beings were so strange. All you had to do was sit still for ten minutes, and you could see this amazing variety of grays.
The day is ending. It's time for something that was beautiful to turn into something else that is beautiful. Now, Let go.
The day may come when the rest of animal creation
The day the child realizes that all adults are imperfect he becomes an adolescent; the day he forgives them, he becomes an adult; the day he forgives himself he becomes wise.
The day the power of love overrules the love of power, the world will know peace.
The deadliest weapon in the world is a MARINE and his rifle!
The decadent international but individualistic capitalism in the hands of which we found ourselves after the war is not a success. It is not intelligent. It is not beautiful. It is not just. It is not virtuous. And it doesn't deliver the goods.
The deeds you do may be the only sermon some persons will hear today
The deepest secret is that life is not a process of discovery, but a process of creation. You are not discovering yourself, but creating yourself anew. Seek therefore, not to find out Who You Are, but seek to determine Who You Want to Be.
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
The degree and nature of a man's sensuality extends to the highest altitudes of his spirit.
The delight we take in our senses is an implicit desire to know the ultimate reason for things, the highest cause. The desire for wisdom that philosophy etymologically is is a desire for the highest or divine causes. Philosophy culminates in theology. All other knowledge contains the seeds of contemplation of the divine.
The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.
The development of human civilization over the course of millennia was really fascinating. Let us imagine, however, how high a level of development could have been reached if all amazing ideas of the great minds of the past had been realized. Let us consider, for example, some ideas of Nikola
The development of man's intellectual capacities has far outstripped the development of his emotions. Man's brain lives in the twentieth century; the heart of most men lives still in the Stone Age. The majority of men have not yet acquired the maturity to be independent, to be rational, to be objective. They need myths and idols to endure the fact that man is all by himself, that there is no authority which gives meaning to life except man himself.
The development of our human resources is an area in which we need to do well as it is decisive in determining the success of our diversification programme.
The devil has the most extensive perspectives for God; on that account he keeps so far away from him:--the devil, in effect, as the oldest friend of knowledge.
The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. work is the key to success, and hard work can help you accomplish anything.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.
The difference between false memories and true ones is the
The difference between me and other people is that they all walk around with onion skins wrapped around them. Pre-meditations, pretentions, the faces that they present to the world, the faces that they present to themselves.. onion skins that come in layer after layer. They're on the inside of all that. And I... I am the inside of the onion skin walking around. I am only me.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.
The difference between try and triumph is a little umph.
The difference between us and them, between you and success, is not that you never fail, but it's how you recover from those failures - is that you keep getting up time and time again. You figure out what you did wrong, and then you make it right. I say that to my kids every day.
The difference we wanna make is number one to let these kids know that they're not alone, that they're actually not that messed up and that they can do whatever they want; they can express themselves however they want, without being persecuted or called a faggot or some kind of racist thing. You know, really just to get people to get over their stuff so they can live.
The difficult is what takes a little time; the impossible is what takes a little longer.
The direct pursuit of happiness is a recipe for an unhappy life.
The disappointed one speaks. I searched for great human beings; I always found only the apes of their ideals.
The discovery of what is true and the practice of that which is good are the two most important aims of philosophy.
The disease of the soul is both more common and more deadly than the disease of the body. Just as medicine is the art devoted to healing the body, so philosophy is the art devoted to healing the soul, curing it of improper emotions, false beliefs, and faulty judgments, which are the causes of so much hardship and handicap. To heal the body one turns to the practitioner of the art of healing the body, but to heal the soul there is no doctor to turn to, and each of us is left to become that doctor unto himself. Yet, this need not stop us from exhorting others to imitate us in the godly art, in the forlorn hope that they might transform themselves into better citizens for Athens and better companions for us.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
The dog is a gentleman; I hope to go to his heaven not man's.
The dog that trots about finds a bone.
The DOPELER Effect is the tendency of stupid ideas to seem smarter when they come at you rapidly
The doubters said,
The downfall of the attempts of governments and leaders to unite mankind is found in this- in the wrong message that we should see everyone as the same. This is the root of the failure of harmony. Because the truth is, we should not all see everyone as the same! We are not the same! We are made of different colours and we have different cultures. We are all different! But the key to this door is to look at these differences, respect these differences, learn from and about these differences, and grow in and with these differences. We are all different. We are not the same. But that's beautiful. And that's okay.In the quest for unity and peace, we cannot blind ourselves and expect to be all the same. Because in this, we all have an underlying belief that everyone should be the same as us at some point. We are not on a journey to become the same or to be the same. But we are on a journey to see that in all of our differences, that is what makes us beautiful as a human race, and if we are ever to grow, we ought to learn and always learn some more.
The dream is free. The hustle is sold separately.
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison, was the miracle.
The Dude abides.
The duty of youth is to challenge corruption.
The early bird gets the worm, but the early worm gets eaten.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be. Don't let them put you in that position.
The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday
The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also.
The effective exploitation of his powers of abstraction must be regarded as one of the most vital activities of a competent programmer.
The egocentric is always frustrated, simply because the condition of self-perfection is self-surrender. There must be a willingness to die to the lower part of self, before there can be a birth to the nobler.
The Encyclopedia--the advance artillery of reason, the armada of philosophy, the siege engine of the enlightenment...
The end may justify the means as long as there is something that justifies the end.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
The essence of independence has been to think and act according to standards from
The essential element of successful strategy is that it derives its success from the differences between competitors with a consequent difference in their behavior.
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.
The essential job is to get people to recognise war propaganda when they see it, especially when it is disguised as peace propaganda.
The ethos of redemption is realied in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.
The ethos of redemption is realized in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.
The evil that is in the world almost always comes from ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence if they lack understanding.
The evolution revolution is here. Global sense makes common sense.
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as you're learning, you're not old.
the exclusive worship of the bitch-goddess sucess is our national disease
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the face.
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live-moreover, the only one.
The failure to read good books both enfeebles the vision and strengthens our most fatal tendency - the belief that the here and now is all there is.
The fallen angel becomes a malignant devil. Yet even that enemy of God and man had friends and associates in his desolation; I am alone.
The fame of heroes owes little to the extent of their conquests and all to the success of the tributes paid to them.
The familiarity of superiors embitters one, because it may not be returned.
The final belief is to believe in a fiction, which you know to be a fiction, there being nothing else. The exquisite truth is to know that it is a fiction and that you believe in it willingly.
The first and most important field of philosophy is the application of principles such as "Do not lie." Next come the proofs, such as why we should not lie. The third field supports and articulates the proofs, by asking, for example, "How does this prove it? What exactly is a proof, what is logical inference, what is contradiction, what is truth, what is falsehood?" Thus, the third field is necessary because of the second, and the second because of the first. The most important, though, the one that should occupy most of our time, is the first. But we do just the opposite. We are preoccupied with the third field and give that all our attention, passing the first by altogether. The result is that we lie -- but have no difficulty proving why we shouldn't.
The first and most important step toward success is the feeling that we can succeed.
The first and most important thing an individual can do is to become an individual again, decontrol himself, train himself as to what is going on and win back as much independent ground for himself as possible
The first duty of a man is to think for himself
The first duty of love is to listen.
The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool.
The first principle of success is desire - knowing what you want. Desire is the planting of your seed.
The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was: 'If I stop to help this man, what will happen to me?' But... the good Samaritan reversed the question: 'If I do not stop to help this man, what will happen to him?'
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.
The first rule of Fight Club is: You do not talk about Fight Club.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
The first thing you have to know about writing is that it is something you must do everyday. There are two reasons for this rule: Getting the work done and connecting with your unconscious mind.
The fishermen know that the sea is dangerous and the storm terrible, but they have never found these dangers sufficient reason for remaining ashore.
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication.
The five points of
The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long.
The flow of Guiness into the studio was inspirational as well as nutritive.
The formula of my happiness: a Yes, a No, a straight line, a goal.
The fossil record implies trial and error, the inability to anticipate the future, features inconsistent with a Great Designer (though not a Designer of a more remote and indirect temperament.)
The foundation of success in life is good health: that is the substratum fortune; it is also the basis of happiness. A person cannot accumulate a fortune very well when he is sick.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
The freedom of an unscheduled afternoon brought confusion rather than joy. Julius had always been focused. When he was not seeing patients, other important projects and activities-writing, teaching, tennis, research-clamored for his attention. But today nothing seemed important. He suspected that nothing had ever been important, that his mind had arbitrarily imbued projects with importance and then cunningly covered its traces. Today he saw through the ruse of a lifetime. Today there was nothing important to do, and he ambled aimlessly down Union Street.
The free mind, unafraid of labor, presses on to attain the good.
The function of freedom is to free someone else.
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple.
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.
...the fundamental things in a man are not the things he explains, but rather the things he forgets to explain.
The fundament upon which all our knowledge and learning rests is the inexplicable.
The funny thing about having all this so-called success is that behind it is a certain horrible emptiness.
The further you go, the more you have to be proud of. At the same time, in order to come a long way, you have to be behind to begin with. IN the end, though maybe it's not how you reach a place that matters. Just that you get there at all.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.
The future doesn't belong to the light-hearted. It belongs to the brave.
The future of America is not an entitlement. We have been given a treasure chest of gifts and opportunities, but some people are being left behind, and success is not sustainable unless it is shared.
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.
The future was one thing that could never be broken, because it had not yet had the chance to be anything.
The general principle for complexity design is this: Think locally, act locally.
The Getsmart Prayer
The girl in each of us is called, WOMAN!
The giving of love is an education in itself.
The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
The goal is not to get rich. The goal is to live rich.
The goal of education is to enable individuals to continue their education.
The gods are fond of the cryptic and dislike the evident.
The good thing about reinventing the wheel is that you get a round one.
The good which every man, who follows after virtue, desires for himself he will also desire for other men...
The government will see that human spaceflight is useful - for science and the economy - and inspirational.
The graduate with a Science degree asks, "Why does it work?" The graduate with an Engineering degree asks, "How does it work?" The graduate with an Accounting degree asks, "How much will it cost?" The graduate with a Liberal Arts degree asks, "Do you want fries with that?"
The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
The great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed in five words: "I did not have time."
The great epochs of our life are at the points when we gain courage to rebaptize our badness as the best in us.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
The greater man the greater courtesy.
The greater part of our misery or unhappiness is determined not by our circumstance but by our disposition.
The greatest blessing granted to mankind come by way of madness, which is a divine gift.
The greatest challenge of the day is: how to bring about a revolution of the heart, a revolution which has to start with each one of us?
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution.
The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when one asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer.
The greatest crime in the world is not developing your potential. When you do what you do best, you are helping not only yourself, but the world.
The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That's the day we truly grow up.
The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human can alter his life by altering his attitude.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.
The greatest ideas are the simplest.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing that you will make one.
The greatest mystery the universe offers is not life but Size.
The greatest of all weaknesses is the fear of appearing weak.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
The greatest power is often simple patience.
The greatest sign of success for a teacher... is to be able to say, 'The children are now working as if I did not exist.'
The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.
The greatest success stories were created by people who recognized a problem & turned it into an opportunity.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
The greatest thing about dreams is they don't expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.
The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself.
The greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity or power, but self-rejection.
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
The greatest untold story is the evolution of God.
The great secret of true success, of true happiness, is this: the man or woman who asks for no return, the perfectly unselfish person, is the most successful.
The great thing to remember is that though our feelings come and go God's love for us does not.
The Great Way is not named; Great Discriminations are not spoken; Great Benevolence is not benevolent; Great Modesty is not humble; Great Daring does not attack. If the Way is made clear, it is not the Way.
The ground's generosity takes in our compost and grows beauty! Try to be more like the ground.
The handicap of deafness is not in the ear; it is in the mind.
The happiest moments my heart knows are those in which it is pouring forth its affections to a few esteemed characters.
The happiest people I have known have been those who gave themselves no concern about their own souls, but did their uttermost to mitigate the miseries of others.
The happy heart runs with the river, floats on the air, lifts to the music, soars with the eagle, hopes with the prayer.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
The harder the fall, the higher the bounce.
The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.
The hardest battle you are ever going to have to fight is the battle to be just you.
The hardest bones, containing the richest marrow, can be conquered only by a united crushing of all the teeth of all dogs. That of course is only a figure of speech and exaggerated; if all teeth were but ready they would not need even to bite, the bones would crack themselves and the marrow would be freely accessible to the feeblest of dogs. If I remain faithful to this metaphor, then the goal of my aims, my questions, my inquiries, appears monstrous, it is true. For I want to compel all dogs thus to assemble together, I want the bones to crack open under the pressure of their collective preparedness, and then I want to dismiss them to the ordinary life they love, while all by myself, quite alone, I lap up the marrow. That sounds monstrous, almost as if I wanted to feed on the marrow, not merely of bone, but of the whole canine race itself. But it is only a metaphor. The marrow that I am discussing here is no food; on the contrary, it is a poison.
The hardest part of being alone, is being alone.
The hardest part of design ... is keeping features out.
The hardest thing to find in life is balance - especially the more success you have, the more you look to the other side of the gate. What do I need to stay grounded, in touch, in love, connected, emotionally balanced? Look within yourself.
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future.
The heart has reason which reason cannot understand.
The heart is like a woman, and the head is like a man, and although man is the head of woman, woman is the heart of man, and she turns man's head because she turns his heart.
The heart is the toughest part of the body.
The heart may be broken, and the soul remain unshaken.
The heart may freeze, or it can burn. The pain will ease and I can learn. There is no future, there is no past. I live this moment as, my last.
The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness.
The heavenly Father foretold the future.
The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained in sudden flight but, they while their companions slept, they were toiling upwards in the night.
The higher I rise, the lesser the differences I see.
The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.
The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.
The highest of distinctions is service to others.
The Highest Thought is always that thought which contains joy. The Clearest Words are those words which contain truth. The Grandest Feeling is that feeling which you call love.
The historical basis for the gap between the black middle class and underclass shows that ending discrimination, by itself, would not eradicate black poverty and dysfunction. We also need intervention to promulgate a middle-class ethic of success among the poor, while expanding opportunities for economic betterment.
The history of the world is the history of a few people who had faith in themselves.
The hope, and not the fact, of advancement, is the spur to industry.
The human body resonates at the same frequency as Mother Earth. So instead of only focusing on trying to save the earth, which operates in congruence to our vibrations, I think it is more important to be one with each other. If you really want to remedy the earth, we have to mend mankind. And to unite mankind, we heal the Earth. That is the only way. Mother Earth will exist with or without us. Yet if she is sick, it is because mankind is sick and separated. And if our vibrations are bad, she reacts to it, as do all living creatures.
The human brain starts working the moment you are born and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it.
The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still.
The ideas of the ruling class are in every epoch the ruling ideas, i.e. the class which is the ruling material force of society, is at the same time its ruling intellectual force. The class which has the means of material production at its disposal, has control at the same time over the means of mental production, so that thereby, generally speaking, the ideas of those who lack the means of mental production are subject to it. The ruling ideas are nothing more than the ideal expression of the dominant material relationships, the dominant material relationships grasped as ideas.
The illness of a doctor is always worse than the illnesses of his patients.The patients only feel, but the doctor, as well as feeling, has a pretty good idea of the destructive effect of the disease on his constitution.This is a case in which knowledge brings death nearer.
The immense expectation with regard to sexual love, and the coyness in this expectation, spoils all the perspectives of women at the outset.
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way.
The important thing is not the object of love, but the emotion itself.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.
The important thing to you is not how many years in your life, but how much life in your years!
The important work of moving the world forward does not wait to be done by perfect men.
The impossible often has a kind of integrity which the merely improbable lacks.
The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses.
The inner revolution will not be televised or sold on the Internet. It must take place within one's own mind and heart.
The institutions of human society treat us as parts of a machine. They assign us ranks and place considerable pressure upon us to fulfill defined roles. We need something to help us restore our lost and distorted humanity. Each of us has feelings that have been suppressed and have built up inside. There is a voiceless cry resting in the depths of our souls, waiting for expression. Art gives the soul's feelings voice and form.
The intellectual attainments of a man who thinks for himself resemble a fine painting, where the light and shade are correct, the tone sustained, the colour perfectly harmonised; it is true to life. On the other hand, the intellectual attainments of the mere man of learning are like a large palette, full of all sorts of colours, which at most are systematically arranged, but devoid of harmony, connection and meaning.
The Internet is becoming the town square for the global village of tomorrow.
The internet neutrality is dead in the water thanks to greedy individuals, corporations and their backers.
The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant. We have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift.
Their [philosophers] thinking is, in fact, far less a discovery than a re-recognizing, a remembering, a return and a home-coming to a far-off, ancient common-household of the soul, out of which those ideas formerly grew: philosophizing is so far a kind of atavism of the highest order.
Theism is a conclusion, so is atheism - none of these two conclusions is the product of serious investigation - one is born from the human's primitive urge to believe, and the other is born from the human's comparatively modern arrogance of radical reasoning. Neither of them truly wants to understand - rather both of them want to conclude on a matter that requires infinite patience, perseverance and naivety.
The job of a leader today is not to create followers. It's to create more leaders.
The journey is the reward.
The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. Watch your step.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
The keys to brand success are self-definition, transparency, authenticity and accountability.
The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen.
The key to accepting responsibility for your life is to accept the fact that your choices, every one of them, are leading you inexorably to either success or failure, however you define those terms.
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.
The key to success is action, and the essential in action is perseverance.
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical.
The key to your happiness is to own your slippers, own who you are, own how you look, own your family, own the talents you have, and own the ones you don't. If you keep saying your slippers aren't yours, then you'll die searching, you'll die bitter, always feeling you were promised more. Not only our actions, but also our omissions, become our destiny.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
The language of Friendship is not words, but meanings.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
The last 10 percent it takes to launch something takes as much energy as the first 90 percent.
The last of the cherry blossom. On the tree, it
The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitudes.
The law sometimes sleeps, but never dies.
The leaders who we admire who have been able to bring great change in the past - Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Nelson Mandela - they're all inspirational religious leaders and smart tacticians. It would be nice to find the Muslim Gandhi, wouldn't it?
The legitimate powers of government extend to such acts only as are injurious to others. It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no god. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.
The lesson we are indebted to Egypt for, our future generations learned that in the face of oppression silence is never golden.
The less you associate with some people, the more your life will improve.
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.
The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.
The liberator who destroyed my property has realigned my perceptions.
The library smells like old books -- a thousand leather doorways into other worlds. I hear silence, like the mind of God. I feel a presence in the empty chair beside me. The librarian watches me suspiciously. But the library is a sacred place, and I sit with the patron saint of readers. Pulsing goddess light moves through me for one moment like a glimpse of eternity instantly forgotten. She is gone. I smell mold, I hear the clock ticking, I see an empty chair. Ask me now and I'll say this is just a place where you can't play music or eat. She's gone. The library sucks.
The life given us, by nature is short; but the memory of a well-spent life is eternal.
The life of the enemy . Whoever lives for the sake of combating an enemy has an interest in the enemy's staying alive.
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible.
The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it: so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it.
The line between him and the enemy had simultaneously blurred and solidified. Somehow, while perhaps it shouldn't have, this thought provided a strange sense of peace.
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep.
The living self has one purpose only: to come into its own fullness of being.
The logical man must either deny all miracles or none.
The longer I live, the more I realize the impact of attitude on life.
The longer you hang in there, the greater the chance that something will happen in your favor. No matter how hard it seems, the longer you persist, the more likely your success.
The longing for Paradise is man's longing not to be man.
Thelonious Monk was one of the musicians I most connected with early on. I'm a huge Betty Carter fan, and the way that Abbey Lincoln and Shirley Horn grew immensely from the time they were young is so inspirational.
The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want for nothing. He makes me lie down in the green pastures. He greases up my head with oil. He gives me kung-fu in the face of my enemies. Amen
The love of money is the root of all evil, therefore selfishness must be the seed.
The love of what you do, combined with your belief in what you do, will not determine your success. It will determine how hard you will work and how dedicated you will be to achieving it. Success just shows up from there.
The love that moves the sun and the other stars.
The lurking suspicion that something could be simplified is the world's richest source of rewarding challenges.
The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live.
The major cause [of the software crisis] is that the machines have become several orders of magnitude more powerful! To put it quite bluntly: as long as there were no machines, programming was no problem at all; when we had a few weak computers, programming became a mild problem, and now we have gigantic computers, programming has become an equally gigantic problem. In this sense the electronic industry has not solved a single problem, it has only created them, it has created the problem of using its products.
The major work of the world is not done by geniuses. It is done by ordinary people, with balance in their lives, who have learned to work in an extraordinary manner.
The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life.
The manic pursuit of success cost me everything I could love: my wife, my three children, some friends I would have liked to grow old with.
The man may be bad whilst his manners are not.
The man on top of the mountain didn't fall there.
The man who alters his way of thinking to suit others is a fool.
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.
The Man Who Has Confidence In Himself Gains The Confidence Of Others.
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.
The man who has no tincture of philosophy goes through life imprisoned in the prejudices derived from common sense, from the habitual beliefs of his age or his nation, and from convictions which have grown up in his mind without the cooperation or consent of his deliberate reason.
The man who has not the habit of reading is imprisoned in his immediate world, in respect to time and space. His life falls into a set routine; he is limited to contact and conversation with a few friends and acquaintances, and he sees only what happens in his immediate neighbourhood. From this prison there is no escape. But the moment he takes up a book, he immediately enters a different world, and if it is a good book, he is immediately put in touch with one of the best talkers of the world. This talker leads him on and carries him into a different country or a different age, or unburdens to him some of his personal regrets, or discusses with him some special line or aspect of life that the reader knows nothing about. An ancient author puts him in communion with a dead spirit of long ago, and as he reads along, he begins to imagine what the ancient author looked like and what type of person he was.
The Man who says he can, and the man who says he can not.. Are both correct
The man who says that all events are necessitated has no ground for critizing the man who says that not all events are necessitated. For according to him this is itself a necessitated event.
The man who writes about himself and his own time is the only man who writes about all people and all time.
The map is not the territory.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
The maturity of man--that means, to have reacquired the seriousness that one had as a child at play.
THE MAXIMS OF MEDICINE
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
The meaning of earthly existence lies not, as we have grown used to thinking, in prospering but in the development of the soul.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The measure of a man is what he does with power.
The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind.
The measure of success is not whether you have a tough problem to deal with, but whether it is the same problem you had last year.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
The menu is not the meal.
The method of 'postulating' what we want has many advantages ; they are the same as the advantages of theft over honest toil.
The mind always fails first, not the body. The secret is to make your mind work for you, not against you.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven..
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
The mind more often faints from the severity of study than from the severity of gymnastics: the toil is more entirely the mind's own and is not shared with the body.
The mind that tries to shape tomorrow beyond its capacities will find no rest.
The minute I stopped trying to find the right girl, and started trying to become the right guy...the girl came.
The minute you put the blame on someone else you've switch things from being a problem you can control to a problem outside of your control.
The mistake ninety-nine percent of humanity made, as far as Fats could see, was being ashamed of what they were; lying about it, trying to be somebody else.
The mode by which the inevitable comes to pass is effort.
The modern habit of saying "This is my opinion, but I may be wrong" is entirely irrational. If I say that it may be wrong, I say that is not my opinion. The modern habit of saying "Every man has a different philosophy; this is my philosophy and it suits me" -- the habit of saying this is mere weak-mindedness. A cosmic philosophy is not constructed to fit a man; a cosmic philosophy is constructed to fit a cosmos. A man can no more possess a private religion than he can possess a private sun and moon.
The moment we believe that success is determined by an ingrained level of ability as opposed to resilience and hard work, we will be brittle in the face of adversity.
The moment we cry in a film is not when things are sad but when they turn out to be more beautiful than we expected them to be.
The moment you become miserly you are closed to the basic phenomenon of life: expansion, sharing. The moment you start clinging to things, you have missed the target--you have missed. Because things are not the target, you, your innermost being, is the target--not a beautiful house, but a beautiful you; not much money, but a rich you; not many things, but an open being, available to millions of things.
the moment you don't feel like praying, get on your knees. And the moment you don't feel like reading your bible, you'd better get that Book open.
The moment you stop trying to become a better person, is the moment you start to become worse than what you already are.
The moment you stop worrying about success is when success will happen.
The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.
The moral of the story is even though that seemed like the end of the world back then, right now I can look back on it and laugh. And if anyone is going through something similar right now just know it will get better.
The more abstract the truth you wish to teach, the more must you allure the senses to it.
The more defects a man may have, the older he is, the less lovable, the more resounding his success.
The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.
The more he identifies with the dominant images of need, the less he understands his own life and his own desires. The spectacle's estrangement from the acting subject is expressed by the fact that the individual's gestures are no longer his own; they are the gestures of someone else who represents them to him.
The more I love, the more I find that life is magical.
The more invested I am in my own ideas about reality, the more those experiences will feel like victimizations rather than the ups and downs of relating. Actually, I believe that the less I conceptualize things that way, the more likely it is that people will want to stay by me, because they will not feel burdened, consciously or unconsciously, by my projections, judgments, entitlements, or unrealistic expectations.
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship.
The more powerful the class, the more it claims not to exist.
The more real you get, the more unreal the world gets.
The more things you do, the more you can do.
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom.
The more we do the more we can do.
The more we do, the more we can do.
The More we value things, the less we value ourselves
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
The more you love, the more you suffer.
The more you open your heart to others, the more your life becomes joyful.
The more you struggle to live, the less you live. Give up the notion that you must be sure of what you are doing. Instead, surrender to what is real within you, for that alone is sure....you are above everything distressing.
The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.
The most absurd and reckless aspirations have sometimes led to extraordinary success.
The most amazing people are those who love themselves truly and love others endlessly.
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.
The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen. Just listen. Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention.... A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words.
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science.
The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.
The most boring and unproductive question one can ask of any religion is whether or not it is true.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
The most damaging phrase in the language is, It's always been done that way.
..the most dangerous animal in a zoo is Man.
The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
The most exquisite paradox... as soon as you give it all up, you can have it all. As long as you want power, you can't have it. The minute you don't want power, you'll have more than you ever dreamed possible.
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.
... the most important concept ever put forth was that matter, ALL matter, with no exceptions from stone to star to starfish to student to sovereign, is as divine as all else in the cosmos, for all flows from Consciousness, the Word that came before the World - and all, in time, will flow back.
The most important decision you make is to be in a good mood.
The most important investment you can make is in yourself.
The most important key to achieving great success is to decide upon your goal and launch, get started, take action, move.
The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You trade in your sense for an act. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask. There can't be any large-scale revolution until there's a personal revolution, on an individual level. It's got to happen inside first.
The most important reason for going from one place to another is to see what's in between, and they took great pleasure in doing just that.
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people.
The most important thing about a technology is how it changes people.
The most important thing I gained from my travels was the knowledge that one could achieve anything with determination and an ounce of luck.
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.
The most important thing in life is to stop saying 'I wish' and start saying 'I will.' Consider nothing impossible, then treat possiblities as probabilities.
The most important thing is being passionate about what you're doing and always give it your all. That is the key to success.
The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.
The most perfidious way of harming a cause consists of defending it deliberately with faulty arguments.
The most powerful relationship you will ever have is the relationship with yourself.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
The most successful men in the end are those whose success is the result of steady accretion.
The most total opposite of pleasure is not pain but boredom, for we are willing to risk pain to make a boring life interesting.
The most unambiguous sign that a person holds men in low esteem is this: That he either acknowledges them merely as means to his ends or does not acknowledge them at all.
The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.
The most violent revolutions in an individual's beliefs leave most of his old order standing. Time and space, cause and effect, nature and history, and one's own biography remain untouched. New truth is always a go-between, a smoother-over of transitions. It marries old opinion to new fact so as ever to show a minimum of jolt, a maximum of continuity. We hold a theory true just in proportion to its success in solving this 'problem of maxima and minima.' But success in solving this problem is eminently a matter of approximation. We say this theory solves it on the whole more satisfactorily than that theory; but that means more satisfactorily to ourselves, and individuals will emphasize their points of satisfaction differently.
The motive behind criticism often determines its validity. Those who care criticize where necessary. Those who envy criticize the moment they think that they have found a weak spot.
The move of the embassy was not an economic one, at least not on the surface anyway. It wasn't even to placate a host nation or the nation on the move. It was used to inflame the masses so that conflict could continue.
The mythology of your culture hums in your ears so constantly that no one pays the slightest bit of attention to it. Of course man is conquering space and the atom and the deserts and the oceans and the elements. According to your mythology, this is what he was BORN to do.
The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure but from hope to hope.
The nature of the Hebrew Bible and traditional Judaism, if we insist upon using Latin terms, is orthoprax, which literally means correct practice, implying that Biblical religion and traditional Talmudic Judaism demand right behavior (ethically and ritually) but no formal theological dogma.
The necessity of reform mustn't be allowed to become a form of blackmail serving to limit, reduce, or halt the exercise of criticism. Under no circumstances should one pay attention to those who tell one: "Don't criticize, since you're not capable of carrying out a reform." That's ministerial cabinet talk. Critique doesn't have to be the premise of a deduction that concludes, "this, then, is what needs to be done." It should be an instrument for those for who fight, those who resist and refuse what is. Its use should be in processes of conflict and confrontation, essays in refusal. It doesn't have to lay down the law for the law. It isn't a stage in a programming. It is a challenge directed to what is.
The negative side of the American Dream comes when people pursue success at any cost, which in turn destroys the vision and the dream.
The negotiations were simultaneously cerebral and physical, abstract and personal, something like a combination of chess and mountain climbing.
The NFL is a performance-based business, so you should have to perform to earn some of your money. At the same time, I realize that my success isn't just because of what I do out there.
The night before brain surgery, I thought about death. I searched out my larger values, and I asked myself, if I was going to die, did I want to do it fighting and clawing or in peaceful surrender? What sort of character did I hope to show? Was I content with myself and what I had done with my life so far? I decided that I was essentially a good person, although I could have been better--but at the same time I understood that the cancer didn't care.
The night is just a part of the day
The nights you fight best are
Then the lover, who is true and no counterfeit, must of necessity be loved by his love.
The number of stressors has multiplied exponentially: traffic, money, success, work/life balance, the economy, the environment, parenting, family conflict, relationships, disease. As the nature of human life has become far more complicated, our ancient stress response hasn't been able to keep up.
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
Then we're just sitting there, staring at each other. Which has been happening a lot lately. It's like
The old man slowly raised himself from the piano stool, fixed those cheerful blue eyes piercingly and at the same time with unimaginable friendliness upon him, and said: "Making music together is the best way for two people to become friends. There is none easier. That is a fine thing. I hope you and I shall remain friends. Perhaps you too will learn how to make fugues, Joseph.
Theology, philosophy, metaphysics, and quantum physics are merely ways for God to have his smart people believe in him
The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan.
The one place where a man ought to get a square deal is in a courtroom, be he any color of the rainbow, but people have a way of carrying their resentments right into a jury box. As you grow older, you'll see white men cheat black men every day of your life, but let me tell you something and don't you forget it - whenever a white man does that to a black man, no matter who he is, how rich he is, or how fine a family he comes from, that white man is trash.
The one seeks an accoucheur for his thoughts, the other seeks some one whom he can assist: a good conversation thus originates.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
The one thing that I know is that you win with good people.
The one thing that makes me feel super lucky about my financial success is that I have a housekeeper.
The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
The only constant in the technology industry is change.
The only constant in the world of hi-tech is change.
The only debatable issue, it seems to me, is whether it is more ridiculous to turn to experts in social theory for general well-confirmed propositions, or to the specialists in the great religions and philosophical systems for insights into fundamental human values.
The only difference between me and a madman is that I am not mad.
The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.
The only difference between you and God is that you have forgotten you are divine.
The only freedom which deserves the name, is that of pursuing our own good in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it.
The only journey is the one within.
The only limits for tomorrow are the doubts we have today.
The Only Limit To Our Realization Of Tomorrow Will Be Our Doubts Of Today.
The only medal that I am certain I deserved is the Purple Heart.
The only moral it is possible to draw from this story is that one should never throw the Q letter into a privet bush, but unfortunately there are times when it is unavoidable.
...the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes "Awww!
The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I'm not going to let myself pull me down anymore.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
The only position that leaves me with no cognitive dissonance is atheism. It is not a creed. Death is certain, replacing both the siren-song of Paradise and the dread of Hell. Life on this earth, with all its mystery and beauty and pain, is then to be lived far more intensely: we stumble and get up, we are sad, confident, insecure, feel loneliness and joy and love. There is nothing more; but I want nothing more.
The only pressure I'm under is the pressure I've put on myself.
The only problems we can really solve in a satisfactory manner are those that finally admit a nicely factored solution.
The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success?
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
The only reason some people get lost in thought because it is unfamiliar territory.
The only rose without a thorn is friendship.
The only safe thing is to take a chance.
The only successful philosophies and religions are the ones that flatter us, whether in the name of progress or of hell. Damned or not, man experiences an absolute need to be at the heart of everything.
The only thing a man should ever be 100% convinced of is his own ignorance.
The only thing even in this world is the number of hours in a day. The difference in winning or losing is what you do with those hours.
The only thing I'm addicted to is winning. This bootleg cult, arrogantly referred to as Alcoholics Anonymous, reports a 5 percent success rate. My success rate is 100 percent.
The only thing standing between you and your dreams is ... reluctance.
The only thing that interests the physicist is finding out on what assumptions a framework of things can be constructed which will enable us to know how to use them mechanically. Physics, as I have said on another occasion, is the technique of techniques and the ars combinatoria for fabricating machines. It is a knowledge which has scarcely anything to do with comprehension.
The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next.
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
The only true measure of success is the ratio between what we might have done and what we might have been on the one hand, and the thing we have made and the things we have made of ourselves on the other.
The only value of wasted time is knowledge.
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
...the only way to judge a philosophy is to examine the lives of those who live it.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
The only way to make a man trustworthy is to trust him.
The only way to permanently change the temperature in the room is to reset the thermostat. In the same way, the only way to change your level of financial success 'permanently' is to reset your financial thermostat. But it is your choice whether you choose to change.
The only way to work is to love what you do.
The only way we'll get freedom for ourselves is to identify ourselves with every oppressed people in the world. We are blood brothers to the people of Brazil, Venezuela, Haiti, Cuba -- yes Cuba too.
The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion. No one remembers anything else.
The opinion which other people have of you is their problem, not yours.
The opposite of love is not hate, it is indifference.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.
The optimist underestimates how difficult it is to achieve real change, believing that anything is possible and it's possible now. Only by confronting head-on the reality that all progress is going to be obstructed by vested interests and corrupted by human venality can we create realistic programmes that actually have a chance of success.
The outer world is a reflection of the inner world. Other people's perception of you is a reflection of them; your response to them is an awareness of you.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
The past can't hurt you anymore. Not unless you let it. They made you into a victim, Evey. They made you into a statistic. But, that's not the real you. That's not who you are inside.
The past does not equal the future.
The past has no power over the present moment.
The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
The past is a place of learning, not a place of living.
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.
The path from dreams to success does exist. May you have the vision to find it, the courage to get on to it, and the perseverance to follow it.
The paths to liberation are numerous, but the bank along the way is always the same, the Bank of Karma, where the liberation account of each of us is credited or debited depending on our actions.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
The Patriot Act is essential to our continued success in the war on terror here at home.
The pen is one of the most potent of weapons in a revolution
The people who influence you are the people who believe in you.
The perfect is the enemy of the good.
The perfect woman perpetrates literature as she perpetrates a small sin: as an experiment, in passing, looking around to see if anybody notices it--and to make sure that somebody does.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
The person in life that you will always be with the most, is yourself. Because even when you are with others, you are still with yourself, too! When you wake up in the morning, you are with yourself, laying in bed at night you are with yourself, walking down the street in the sunlight you are with yourself.What kind of person do you want to walk down the street with? What kind of person do you want to wake up in the morning with? What kind of person do you want to see at the end of the day before you fall asleep? Because that person is yourself, and it's your responsibility to be that person you want to be with. I know I want to spend my life with a person who knows how to let things go, who's not full of hate, who's able to smile and be carefree. So that's who I have to be.
The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy, inevitable part of the process of getting to the top.
The person who knows how to laugh at himself will never cease to be amused
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly.
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it.
The pessimist resembles a man who observes with fear and sadness that his wall calendar, from which he daily tears a sheet, grows thinner with each passing day. On the other hand, the person who attacks the problems of life actively is like a man who removes each successive leaf from his calendar and files it neatly and carefully away with its predecessors, after first having jotted down a few diary notes on the back. He can reflect with pride and joy on all the richness set down in these notes, on all the life he has already lived to the fullest. What will it matter to him if he notices that he is growing old? Has he any reason to envy the young people whom he sees, or wax nostalgic over his own lost youth? What reasons has he to envy a young person? For the possibilities that a young person has, the future which is in store for him?
The Pessimist Sees Difficulty In Every Opportunity. The Optimist Sees Opportunity In Every Difficulty.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.
The philosopher
The philosopher is a person who refuses no pleasures which do not produce greater sorrows, and who knows how to create new ones.
The philosophers have only
The Philosopher's Motto: I came, I saw, I pondered!
The philosopher's school, ye men, is a surgery: you ought not to go out of it with pleasure, but with pain. For you are not in sound health when you enter.
The philosophers write about things as they are and as they appear to be, but as an artist I find that appearance is everything.
The philosopher whose dealings are with divine order himself acquires the characteristics of order and divinity.
The philosophic outlook rises above all sectarian controversy. It finds its own position not only by appreciating and synthesizing what is solidly based in the rival sects but also by capping them all with the keystone of nonduality.
The philosophy of poetry must acknowledge that the poetic act has no past, at least no recent past, in which its preparation and appearance could be followed.
The pia fraus is still more repugnant to the taste (the "piety") of the free spirit (the "pious man of knowledge") than the impia fraus. Hence the profound lack of judgment, in comparison with the Church, characteristic of the type "free spirit"--as ITS non-freedom.
The pianokeys are black and white
The pity of it was that this discovery, if such it was, now seemed so stale, so profitless to me. What good was it? What good did thinking ever do?
The place God calls you to is the place where your deep gladness and the world's deep hunger meet.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then work outward from there.
The place where you made your stand never mattered. Only that you were there...and still on your feet.
The point of modernity is to live a life without illusions while not becoming disillusioned
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
The positivists have a simple solution: the world must be divided into that which we can say clearly and the rest, which we had better pass over in silence. But can anyone conceive of a more pointless philosophy, seeing that what we can say clearly amounts to next to nothing? If we omitted all that is unclear, we would probably be left completely uninteresting and trivial tautologies.
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.
The power of a movement lies in the fact that it can indeed change the habits of people. This change is not the result of force but of dedication, of moral persuasion.
The power of an air force is terrific when there is nothing to oppose it.
The power of death signifies that this real world can only have a neutral image of life, that life's intimacy does not reveal it's dazzling consumption until the moment it gives out.
The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
The power of pop culture stories should not be underestimated, and there is an enormous potential for inspirational stories that can have a positive, transformative effect on our lives.
The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.
The present convergence of crises----in money, energy, education, health, water, soil, climate, politics, the environment, and more----is a birth crisis, expelling us from the old world into a new.
The pre-Socratic Greek philosopher
THE PRESOCRATIC PROBLEM
The pressures on gay teens can be overwhelming--to keep secrets, tell lies, deny who you are, and try to be who you're not. Remember: you are special and worth being cared about, loved, and accepted just as you are. Never, ever let anyone convince you otherwise.
The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
The price we have paid for expecting to be so much more than our ancestors is a perpetual anxiety that we are far from being all we might be.
The price you've paid is not the price of becoming human. It's not even the price of having the things you just mentioned. It's the price of enacting a story that casts mankind as the enemy of the world.
The priest therefore saw what the anchorite could not. That God needs no witness. Neither to himself nor against. The truth is rather that if there were no God then there could be no witness for there could be no identity to the world but only each man's opinion of it. The priest saw that there is no man who is elect because there is no man who is not. To God every man is a heretic.
The primary thing when you take a sword in your hands is your intention to cut the enemy, whatever the means. Whenever you parry, hit, spring, strike or touch the enemy's cutting sword, you must cut the enemy in the same movement. It is essential to attain this. If you think only of hitting, springing, striking or touching the enemy, you will not be able actually to cut him.
The primitive tribes permitted far less individual freedom than does modern society. Ancient wars were committed with far less moral justification than modern ones. A technology that produces debris can find, and is finding, ways of disposing of it without ecological upset. And the schoolbook pictures of primitive man sometimes omit some of the detractions of his primitive life - the pain, the disease, famine, the hard labor needed just to stay alive. From that agony of bare existence to modern life can be soberly described only as upward progress, and the sole agent for this progress is quite clearly reason itself.
The principle of democracy is a recognition of the sovereign, inalienable rights of man as a gift from God, the Source of law.
The problem is that Microsoft just has no taste. And I don't mean that in a small way, I mean that in a big way.
The problem is that small examples fail to convince, and large examples are too big to follow.
The problems of the world cannot possibly be solved by skeptics or cynics whose horizons are limited by the obvious realities. We need men who can dream of things that never were.
The problem with religion, because it's been sheltered from criticism, is that it allows people to believe en masse what only idiots or lunatics could believe in isolation.
The programmer must seek both perfection of part and adequacy of collection.
The progress of the world can certainly never come at all save by the modified action of the individual beings who compose the world.
The proper response, as Hanukkah teaches, is not to curse the darkness but to light a candle.
The pure present is an ungraspable advance of the past devouring the future. In truth, all sensation is already memory.
The purpose of abstraction is not to be vague, but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise.
The purpose of life is not to be happy--but to matter, to be productive, to be useful, to have it make some difference that you lived at all.
the purpose of life is the life of purpose
The purpose of life is to discover your gift. The meaning of life is to give your gift away.
The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.
The purpose of literature is to turn blood into ink.
The Purpose of Philosophy is to fall in Love. To strip the world of all its clothes, and fall in Love with it as it stand before you completely naked.
The question has often been asked; Is Buddhism a religion or a philosophy? It does not matter what you call it. Buddhism remains what it is whatever label you may put on it. The label is immaterial. Even the label 'Buddhism' which we give to the teachings of the Buddha is of little importance. The name one gives is inessential.... In the same way Truth needs no label: it is neither Buddhist, Christian, Hindu nor Moslem. It is not the monopoly of anybody. Sectarian labels are a hindrance to the independent understanding of Truth, and they produce harmful prejudices in men's minds.
The question is not how to get cured, but how to live.
The question is not what you look at, but what you see.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
The question is very understandable, but no one has found a satisfactory answer to it so far. Yes, why do they make still more gigantic planes, still heavier bombs and, at the same time, prefabricated houses for reconstruction? Why should millions be spent daily on the war and yet there's not a penny available for medical services, artists, or for poor people?
The question of whether Machines Can Think... is about as relevant as the question of whether Submarines Can Swim.
The race is long - to finish first, first you must finish.
The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong - but that's the way to bet.
The ramdomness of events in the world is so lacking in logic that we give it names like destiny, fate, karma and kismat to deal with the irrationality of its sequence
...the rarest of all human qualities is consistency.
...there ain't no journey what don't change you some.
There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
The real community of man, in the midst of all the self-contradictory simulacra of community, is the community of those who seek the truth, of the potential knowers...of all men to the extent they desire to know. But in fact, this includes only a few, the true friends, as Plato was to Aristotle at the very moment they were disagreeing about the nature of the good...They were absolutely one soul as they looked at the problem. This, according to Plato, is the only real friendship, the only real common good. It is here that the contact people so desperately seek is to be found...This is the meaning of the riddle of the improbable philosopher-kings. They have a true community that is exemplary for all other communities.
The real community of man...is the community of those who seek the truth, of the potential knowers.
The real end winner of NAFTA is going to be Mexico because we have the human capital. We have that resource that is vital to the success of the U.S. economy.
The real enemy" is the totality of physical and mental constraints by which capital, or class society, or statism, or the society of the spectacle expropriates everyday life, the time of our lives. The real enemy is not an object apart from life. It is the organization of life by powers detached from it and turned against it. The apparatus, not its personnel, is the real enemy. But it is by and through the apparatchiks and everyone else participating in the system that domination and deception are made manifest. The totality is the organization of all against each and each against all. It includes all the policemen, all the social workers, all the office workers, all the nuns, all the op-ed columnists, all the drug kingpins from Medellin to Upjohn, all the syndicalists and all the situationists.
The real heroes anyway aren't the people doing things; the real heroes are the people NOTICING things, paying attention.
The Reality of The Other Person Lies Not In What He Reveals To You, But What He Cannot Reveal To You.
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection.
The real question of life after death isn't whether or not it exists, but even if it does what problem this really solves.
The real secret of success is enthusiasm.
The real success in golf lies in turning three shots into two.
the Real-World was a sprawling mess of a book in need of a good editor.
There are 10,000 books in my library, and it will keep growing until I die. This has exasperated my daughters, amused my friends and baffled my accountant. If I had not picked up this habit in the library long ago, I would have more money in the bank today; I would not be richer.
There are 10 types of people in this world; those who understand the binary number system and those who do not
There are a lot of things that go into creating success. I don't like to do just the things I like to do. I like to do things that cause the company to succeed. I don't spend a lot of time doing my favorite activities.
There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root.
There are cases in which we are like horses, we psychologists, and become restless: we see our own shadow wavering up and down before us. A psychologist must turn his eyes from himself to eye anything at all.
There are certain circumstances, which, at the time of their happening, are a kind of riddles, and as every riddle is to be followed by its answer, so those kind of circumstances will be followed by their events, and those events are always the true solution. A considerable space of time may lapse between, and unless we continue our observations from the one to the other, the harmony of them will pass away unnoticed: but the misfortune is, that partly from the pressing necessity of some instant things, and partly from the impatience of our own tempers, we are frequently in such a hurry to make out the meaning of everything as fast as it happens, that we thereby never truly understand it; and not only start new difficulties to ourselves by so doing, but, as it were, embarrass Providence in her good designs.
There are few sources of energy so powerful as a procrastinating college student.
There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves.
There are many people who can do big things, but there are very few people who will do the small things.
There are many ways to avoid success in life, but the most sure-fire just might be procrastination.
There are many who consider as an injury to themselves any conduct which they have a distaste for, and resent it as an outrage to their feelings; as a religious bigot, when charged with disregarding the religious feelings of others, has been known to retort that they disregard his feelings, by persisting in their abominable worship or creed. But there is no parity between the feeling of a person for his own opinion, and the feeling of another who is offended at his holding it; no more than between the desire of a thief to take a purse, and the desire of the right owner to keep it. And a person's taste is as much his own peculiar concern as his opinion or his purse. It is easy for any one to imagine an ideal public, which leaves the freedom and choice of individuals in all uncertain matters undisturbed, and only requires them to abstain from modes of conduct which universal experience has condemned. But where has there been seen a public which set any such limit to its censorship? or when does the public trouble itself about universal experience. In its interferences with personal conduct it is seldom thinking of anything but the enormity of acting or feeling differently from itself; and this standard of judgment, thinly disguised, is held up to mankind as the dictate of religion and philosophy, by nine tenths of all moralists and speculative writers. These teach that things are right because they are right; because we feel them to be so. They tell us to search in our own minds and hearts for laws of conduct binding on ourselves and on all others. What can the poor public do but apply these instructions, and make their own personal feelings of good and evil, if they are tolerably unanimous in them, obligatory on all the world?
There are many wonderful things that will never be done if you do not do them.
There are moments in every relationship that define when two people start to fall in love.
There are no bad words. Bad thoughts. Bad intentions, and wooooords.
There are no free lunches in philosophy any more than in real life.
There are no ordinary moments.
There are no problems we cannot solve together, and very few that we can solve by ourselves.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
There are not enough days in forever to allow me to fully express the depth of my love for you.
There are not more than five musical notes, yet the combinations of these five give rise to more melodies than can ever be heard.
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile.
There are no traffic jams on the extra mile.
There are only two forces at work in this world- black and white. Only people are grey.
There are only two industries that refer to their customers as 'users'.
There are only two most powerful situations- being so small that you have nothing to lose and being so big that you don't care what you lose!
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
There are people out there who hate me and who say I'm arrogant, vain, and whatever. That's all part of my success. I am made to be the best.
There are people who can achieve huge success in life, while adding a bit of fun and a splash of colour to this increasingly grey world.
There are people who have money and people who are rich.
There are people who make things happen, there are people who watch things happen, and there are people who wonder what happened. To be successful, you need to be a person who makes things happen.
There are physical characteristics which are inherited. These include things like good looks, high intelligence, physical coordination. These attributes contribute to success in life, and success in life is a determinant of optimism.
There are powers far beyond us, plans far beyond what we could have ever thought of, visions far more vast than what we can ever see on our own with our own eyes, there are horizons long gone beyond our own horizons. This is courage- to throw away what is our own that is limited and to thrust ourselves into the hands of these higher powers- God and Destiny.To do this is to abide in the realm of the eternal, to walk in the path of the everlasting to follow in the footprints of God and demi-gods. The hardest part for man is the letting go. For some reason, he thinks himself big enough to know and to see what's good for him. But in the letting go........is found freedom. In the letting go........ is found the flight!
There are scores of people waiting for someone just like us to come along; people who will appreciate our compassion, our encouragement, who will need our unique talents. Someone who will live a happier life merely because we took the time to share what we had to give.
There are several ways to react to being lost. One is to panic: this was usually Valentina's first impulse. Another is to abandon yourself to lostness, to allow the fact that you've misplaced yourself to change the way you experience the world.
There are situations in life which are beyond one. The sensible man realizes this, and slides out of such situations, admitting himself beaten. Others try to grapple with them, but it never does any good. When affairs get in a real tangle, it is best to sit still and let them straighten themselves out. Or, if one does not do that, simply to think no more about them. This is Philosophy. The true philosopher is the man who says "All right," and goes to sleep in his arm-chair. One's attitude towards Life's Little Difficulties should be that of the gentleman in the fable, who sat down on an acorn one day and happened to doze. The warmth of his body caused the acorn to germinate, and it grew so rapidly that, when he awoke, he found himself sitting in the fork of an oak sixty feet from the ground. He thought he would go home, but, finding this impossible, he altered his plans. "Well, well," he said, "if I cannot compel circumstances to my will, I can at least adapt my will to circumstances. I decide to remain here." Which he did, and had a not unpleasant time. The oak lacked some of the comforts of home, but the air was splendid and the view excellent.
There are so many kinds of time. The time by which we measure our lives. Months and years. Or the
There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
There are some values that you should never compromise on to stay true to yourself; you should be brave to stand up for what you truly believe in even if you stand alone.
There are souls in this world which have the gift of finding joy everywhere and of leaving it behind them when they go.
There are strong people and there are people who claim to be strong. Strong people can conquer and survive anything , but people who claim to be strong lose and suffer in everything they do. The reason is people who claim to be strong don't know that being strong it doesn't mean you should not accept help or ask for help when needed. For them being strong Is faking doing well, holding pain and not crying and doing everything on their own. You are only strong when you admit your situation and on what's really happening and find ways to deal with it. Sometimes might mean asking for help.
There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why... I dream of things that never were, and ask why not?
There are thousands of inspirational stories waiting to be told about young women who yearn for a great education. They are stories of struggle and stories of success, and they will inspire others to take action and work to change lives.
There are thousands of pages written about bitcoin. None of them spell it BitCoin. Therefore you have read none of them if you spell it thus.
There are three kinds of people - those who can count, and those who can't.
There are three rules.
There are three things extremely hard: steel, a diamond, and to know one's self.
There are times when solitude is better than society, and silence is wiser than speech. We should be better Christians if we were more alone, waiting upon God, and gathering through meditation on His Word spiritual strength for labour in his service. We ought to muse upon the things of God, because we thus get the real nutriment out of them. . . . Why is it that some Christians, although they hear many sermons, make but slow advances in the divine life? Because they neglect their closets, and do not thoughtfully meditate on God's Word. They love the wheat, but they do not grind it; they would have the corn, but they will not go forth into the fields to gather it; the fruit hangs upon the tree, but they will not pluck it; the water flows at their feet, but they will not stoop to drink it. From such folly deliver us, O Lord. . . .
There are times when wisdom cannot be found in the chambers of parliament or the halls of academia but at the unpretentious setting of the kitchen table.
There are two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
There are two kinds of people in this world: Those who believe there are two kinds of people in this world and those who are smart enough to know better.
There are two kinds of people, those who do the work and those who take the credit. Try to be in the first group; there is less competition there.
There are two kinds of people, those who finish what they start and so on.
There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies.
There are two rules for success... 1) Never tell everything you know.
There are two things people want more than sex and money... recognition and praise.
There are two things that men should never weary of, goodness and humility; we get none too much of them in this rough world among cold, proud people.
There are two things we should always be 1. raw and 2. ready. When you are raw, you are always ready and when you are ready you usually realize that you are raw. Waiting for perfection is not an answer, one cannot say "I will be ready when I am perfect" because then you will never be ready, rather one must say "I am raw and I am ready just like this right now, how and who I am.
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.
There are two ways of constructing a piece of software: One is to make it so simple that there are obviously no errors, and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious errors.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
There are two ways to reach me: by way of kisses or by way of the imagination. But there is a hierarchy: the kisses alone don't work.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
The reason a lot of people do not recognize opportunity is because it usually goes around wearing overalls looking like hard work.
The reason birds can fly and we can't is simply because they have perfect faith, for to have faith is to have wings.
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
The reason that I stopped living was because I died.
The reason to do animation is caricature. Good caricature picks out the essense of the statement and removes everything else. It's not simply about reproducing reality; It's about bumping it up.
There can be no friendship without confidence, and no confidence without integrity.
There can only be one state of mind as you approach any profound test; total concentration, a spirit of togetherness, and strength.
There comes a day when my skin just wants to breathe and get out of my clothes.
There comes a time when we realize that our parents cannot save themselves or save us, that everyone who wades through time eventually gets dragged out to sea by the undertow- that, in short, we are all going.
Therefore hold to the things which are reliable. Look to simplicity; embrace purity; Lessen the self; diminish desire.
Therefore, if one were to consider that there was virtually no possibility of success through the US-Japan negotiations, the military and economic pressures would only force Japan into further crisis if time were allowed to pass in vain.
Therefore I would ask you to write all kinds of books, hesitating at no subject however trivial or however vast. By hook or by crook, I hope that you will possess yourselves of money enough to travel and to idle, to contemplate the future or the past of the world, to dream over books and loiter at street corners and let the line of thought dip deep into the stream.
There had been times when he knew, somewhere in him, that he would get used to it, whatever it was, because he had learnt that some hard things became softer after a very little while.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know absolutely nothing about.
There have been many different artists that have been inspirational. I suppose the question is directed to what was the reason why I went into fantasy illustration.
There is
There is a candle in your heart, ready to be kindled.
There is a common tendency to turn off one's imagination at certain points and refuse to contemplate the possibility of having to do certain things and cope with the attendant moral problems. The things simply get done by the social machine, and one can keep one's clear conscience and one's moral indignation unsullied.
There is a current perception is that science has overtaken Philosophy and in effect rendered Philosophy irrelevant.
There is a danger there - a very real danger to humanity. Consider, Watson, that the material, the sensual, the worldly would all prolong their worthless lives. The spiritual would not avoid the call to something higher. It would be the survival of the least fit. What sort of cesspool may not our poor world become?
There is a destiny that makes us brothers, No one goes his way alone; All that we send into the lives of others, Comes back into our own.
There is a hatred of lies and simulation, stemming from an easily provoked sense of honor. There is another such hatred, from cowardice, since lies are forbidden by a divine commandment. Too cowardly to lie.
There is a haughtiness of kindness which has the appearance of wickedness.
There is a legend about a bird which sings just once in its life, more sweetly than any other creature on the face of the earth. From the moment it leaves the nest it searches for a thorn tree, and does not rest until it has found one. Then, singing among the savage branches, it impales itself upon the longest, sharpest spine. And, dying, it rises above its own agony to outcarol the lark and the nightingale. One superlative song, existence the price. But the whole world stills to listen, and God in His heaven smiles. For the best is only bought at the cost of great pain... Or so says the legend.
There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world. It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher.
There is always room at the top.
There is a miracle in your mess, don't let the mess make you miss the miracle.
There is an immutable conflict at work in life and in business, a constant battle between peace and chaos. Neither can be mastered, but both can be influenced. How you go about that is the key to success.
There is an innocence in lying which is the sign of good faith in a cause.
There is an innocence of admiration: it is possessed by him to whom it has not yet occurred that he himself may be admired some day.
There is a perennial classical question that asks which part of the motorcycle, which grain of sand in which pile, is the Buddha. Obviously to ask that question is to look in the wrong direction, for the Buddha is everywhere. But just as obviously to ask the question is to look in the right direction, for the Buddha is everwhere.
there is a place in the heart that
There is a road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect.
There is ascension to potential that Plato couldn't conceive while prescribing idealism to conception as highest existences. With Streams, there isn't a difference between ideas and instantiations. They are both authenticated within all possibilities in Stream, within the Primal Cause as ordered. Ideas as ordered constructs in consciousness, instantiations as ordered effects.
There is a time in every man's education when he arrives at the conviction that envy is ignorance; that imitation is suicide; that he must take himself for better, for worse, as his portion; that though the wide universe is full of good, no kernel of nourishing corn can come to him but through his toil bestowed on that plot of ground which is given to him to till. The power which resides in him is new in nature, and none but he knows what that is which he can do, nor does he know until he has tried.
There is a truth in Schopenhauer's view that philosophy is an organism, and that a book on philosophy, with a beginning and end, is a sort of contradiction. ... In philosophy matters are not simple enough for us to say 'Let's get a rough idea', for we do not know the country except by knowing the connections between the roads.
There is a way to be good again...
There is a wonderful mythical law of nature that the three things we crave most in life-happiness, freedom, and peace of mind-are always attained by giving them to someone else.
There is but one true philosophical problem and that is suicide.
There is desire in the perfect, beauty in the imperfect.
There is force in the universe, which, if we permit it, will flow through us and produce miraculous results.
There is freedom to found in the prayers of unconditional love and kindness.
There is great change to be experienced once you learn the power of letting go. Stop allowing anyone or anything to control, limit, repress, or discourage you from being your true self! Today is YOURS to shape - own it - break free from people and things that poison or dilute your spirit.
There is incredible value in being of service to others.
There is just a lot of creativity and theatricality in performers who happen to be gay. Maybe there's a success in numbers, so by the law of averages we are going to get these jobs.
There is little success where there is little laughter.
There is more hunger for love and appreciation in this world than for bread.
There is much in this vision that will remind you of your mystics; yet between them and us there is far more difference than similarity, in respect both of the matter and the manner of our thought. For while they are confident that the cosmos is perfect, we are sure only that it is very beautiful. While they pass to their conclusion without the aid of intellect, we have used that staff every step of the way. Thus, even when in respect of conclusions we agree with your mystics rather than your plodding intellectuals, in respect of method we applaud most your intellectuals; for they scorned to deceive themselves with comfortable fantasies.
There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life.
There is neither happiness nor unhappiness in this world; there is merely the comparison of one state to the other. Only a man who has felt ultimate despair is capable of feeling ultimate bliss.
There is never just one thing that leads to success for anyone. I feel it always a combination of passion, dedication, hard work, and being in the right place at the right time.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
There is no document of civilization which is not at the same time a document of barbarism. And just as such a document is not free of barbarism, barbarism taints also the manner in which it was transmitted. A historical materialist therefore dissociates himself from it as far as possible. He regards it as his task to brush history against the grain.
There is no easy way from the earth to the stars.
There is no elevator to success.
There is no evidence that we've been placed on this planet to be especially happy or especially normal. And in fact our unhappiness and our strangeness, our anxieties and compulsions, those least fashionable aspects of our personalities, are quite often what lead us to do rather interesting things.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
There is no fate which cannot be surmounted by scorn.
There is no force like success, and that is why the individual makes all effort to surround himself throughout life with the evidence of it; as of the individual, so should it be of the nation.
There is no friend like a sister.
There is no future without a past, because what is to be cannot be imagined except as a form of repetition.
There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
There is no greater insight into the future than recognizing...when we save our children, we save ourselves
There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery
There is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.
There is no illusion greater than fear.
There is no investment you can make which will pay you so well as the effort to scatter sunshine and good cheer through your establishment.
There is no justice in the laws of nature, no term for fairness in the equations of motion. The Universe is neither evil, nor good, it simply does not care. The stars don't care, or the Sun, or the sky.
There is no key to open the heart of another - except curiosity.
There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit.
There is no man, and no place, without war. The only thing we can do is choose a side, and fight. That is the only choice we get - who we fight for, who we fight against. That is life.
there is no moment more precious than the exact moment you are living now
There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.
There is no need to search; achievement leads to nowhere. It makes no difference at all, so just be happy now! Love is the only reality of the world, because it is all One, you see. And the only laws are paradox, humor and change. There is no problem, never was, and never will be. Release your struggle, let go of your mind, throw away your concerns, and relax into the world. No need to resist life, just do your best. Open your eyes and see that you are far more than you imagine. You are the world, you are the universe; you are yourself and everyone else, too! It's all the marvelous Play of God. Wake up, regain your humor. Don't worry, just be happy. You are already free!
There is no part of one's beliefs about oneself which cannot be modified by sufficiently powerful psychological techniques. There is nothing about oneself which cannot be taken away or changed. The proper stimuli can, if correctly applied, turn communists into fascists, saints into devils, the meek into heroes, and vice-versa. There is no sovereign sanctuary within ourseles which represents our real nature. There is nobody at home in the internal fortress. Everything we cherish as our ego, everything we believe in, is just what we have cobbled together out of the accident of our birth and subsequent experiences. With drugs, brainwashing, and other techniques of extreme persuasion, we can quite readily make a man a devotee of a different ideology, the patriot of a different country, or the follower of a different religion.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
There is no point in keeping vengeance or stubbornness. These things" -he sighed- "these things I so regret in my life. Pride. Vanity. Why do we do the things we do?
There is no problem more difficult to solve than that created by ourselves.
There is no problem unless we choose to make it one, so think carefully before you act.
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.
There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness.
There is no scientific answer for success. You can't define it. You've simply got to live it and do it.
There is no security on the Earth, there is only opportunity.
There is no shame in making an honest effort.
There is no sickness worse for me than words that to be kind must lie.
There is no substitute for hard work.
There is no substitute for hard work, 23 or 24 hours a day. And there is no substitute for patience and acceptance.
There is no substitute for victory.
There is no success without hardship.
There is no such thing as a child who hates to read; there are only children who have not found the right book.
There is no such thing as educational value in the abstract. The notion that some subjects and methods and that acquaintance with certain facts and truths possess educational value in and of themselves is the reason why traditional education reduced the material of education so largely to a diet of predigested materials.
There is no such thing as luck. There is only adequate or inadequate preparation to cope with a statistical universe.
There is no such thing as moral phenomena, but only a moral interpretation of phenomena.
There is no such thing as objectivity. We are all just interpreting signals from the universe and trying to make sense of them. Dim, shaky, weak, static-y little signals that only hint at the complexity of a universe we cannot begin to understand.
There is no surer way to ruin a good discussion than to contaminate it with facts.
There is no teaching to compare with example.
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves.
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
There is nothing frightening in the dark if you just face it.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
There is nothing more beautiful than seeing a person being themselves. Imagine going through your day being unapologetically you.
There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things.
There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills.
There is nothing more important than your eternal salvation.
There is nothing more natural than to consider everything as starting from oneself, chosen as the center of the world; one finds oneself thus capable of condemning the world without even wanting to hear its deceitful chatter.
There is nothing more notable in
There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.
There is nothing more unequal than the equal treatment of unequal people.
There is nothing more wonderful than a book. It may be a message to us from the dead, from human souls we never saw who lived perhaps thousands of miles away, and yet these little sheets of paper speak to us, arouse us, teach us, open our hearts and in turn open their hearts to us like brothers. Without books, God is silent, justice dormant, philosophy lame.
There is nothing permanent except change.
There is nothing so stable as change.
There is nothing strange when you come to know it.
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
There is not much to be got anywhere in the world. It is filled with misery and pain; if a man escapes these, boredeom lies in wait for him at every corner. Nay more; it is evil which generally has the upper hand, and folly that makes the most noise. Fate is cruel and mankind pitiable.
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life.
There is no traffic jam along the extra mile.
There is no unmoving mover behind the movement. It is only movement. It is not correct to say that life is moving, but life is movement itself. Life and movement are not two different things. In other words, there is no thinker behind the thought. Thought itself is the thinker. If you remove the thought, there is no thinker to be found.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
There isnt always an explanation for everything.
There isn't an end point to excellence where you have it and you can stop. Being your best self means keeping on trying.
There isn't time, so brief is life, for bickerings, apologies, heartburnings, callings to account. There is only time for loving, and but an instant, so to speak, for that.
There is one meaning for static in C: a global variable that is invisible outside the current scope, be it a function or a file.
There is one thing, Emma, which a man can always do if he chooses, and that is his duty; not by manoeuvring and finessing, but by vigour and resolution. - Mr. Knightley
There is one thing one has to have: either a soul that is cheerful by nature, or a soul made cheerful by work, love, art, and knowledge.
There is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs, and that is the risk of doing nothing.
There is only one boss: the customer. And he can fire everybody in the company, from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
There is only one day left, always starting over: It is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk.
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
There is only one religion - it is a way a man dies.
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
There is only one You. Dare to be yourself. Be authentic to you, and you will find your destiny. - STRONG: Powerful Philosophy for Timeless Thoughts.
There is probably a perverse pride in my administration... that we were going to do the right thing, even if short-term it was unpopular. And I think anybody who's occupied this office has to remember that success is determined by an intersection in policy and politics and that you can't be neglecting of marketing and P.R. and public opinion.
There is progress whether ye are going forward or backward! The thing is to move!
There is simply no substitute for hard work when it comes to achieving success.
There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.
There is something almost shocking in the notion of so chaste a function carrying this Kantian hurlyburly in her womb.
There is something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
There is something more - the spirit, or the soul. I think that that quality encourages our courtesy and care and our minds. And mercy, and identity.
There is the great lesson of 'Beauty and the Beast,' that a thing must be loved before it is lovable.
There is your truth and there is my truth. As for the universal truth, it does not exist.
There lies before us, if we choose, continual progress in happiness, knowledge and wisdom. Shall we instead choose death, because we cannot forget our quarrels? I appeal as a human being to human beings; remember your humanity, and forget the rest.
There may be some truth (atheists) do not need to believe in a god to be good, but then if they do not believe in a god, who do they believe gives the Universal Law of following good and shunning evil? Obviously, mankind. But then that is a dangerous thing, for if a man does not believe in a god capable of giving perfect laws, he is in the position of declaring all laws come from man, and as man is imperfect, he can declare that as fallible men make imperfect laws, he can pick and choose what he wishes to follow, that which, in his own mind seems good. He does not believe in divine retribution, therefore he can also declare his own morality contrary to what the divine may decree simply because he believes there is no divine decree. He may follow his every whim and passion, declaring it to be good when it may be very evil, for he like all men is imperfect, so how can he tell what is verily good? The atheist is in danger of mistaking vice for good and consequently follow another slave master and tyrant, his own physical and mental weakness. Evil would be wittingly or unwittingly perpetrated, therefore, to recognise the existence of a perfect divine being that gives perfect Universal Laws is much better than not to believe in a god, for if there is a perfect god, they will not allow their laws to be broken with impunity as in the case with many corrupt judges on earth, but will punish accordingly in due time. Therefore, to be pious and reverent is the surest path to true freedom as a perfect god will give perfect laws to prevent all manner of slavery, tyranny and moral wantonness, even if we do not understand why they are good laws at times.
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.
There must be those among whom we can sit down and weep and still be counted as warriors.
There never is but one opportunity of a kind.
There on the beaches of Normandy I began to reflect on the wonders of these ordinary people whose lives were laced with the markings of greatness.
There, peeping among the cloud-wrack above a dark tor high up in the mountains, Sam saw a white star twinkle for a while. The beauty of it smote his heart, as he looked up out of the forsaken land, and hope returned to him. For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach.
There really is no learning without doing.
There's a huge swath of humanity that has developed verbal abilities to extract resources from guilt-ridden people.
There's a hunger for stories in all of us, adults too. We need stories so much that we're even willing to read bad books to get them, if the good books won't supply them.
There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.
There's always a choice,' said Torak, and walked backward off the cliff.
There's a way to do it better - find it.
There's enormous progressive activism and, more often than not, success at the grassroots level - everything from living wage campaigns to efforts to finance our elections are having terrific success.
There's money to be made in conflict.
There's more to life than dating the boy on the football team.
There's more to life than success, and if you can try to be more well-rounded, you'll be able to enjoy your success more. It won't own you or control you.
There's more to logic than identifying logical fallacies.
There's no abiding success without commitment.
There's no backward and no forward, no day other than this. You fill your cart as you go, and that's that.
There's no crying in baseball!
There's no escalators - there's only staircases to success. There is no substitute for hard work.
There's no future in time travel.
There's no greater show on earth than observing human nature
There's no limit to what you can dream. You
There's no one particular road that will lead you to success. I think everybody will find it differently.
There's no place like home.
There's no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love. There is only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
There's no secret about success. Did you ever know a successful man who didn't tell you about it?
There's no success story. Everybody's got a ghetto story. You always want to make it bigger than what it is.
There's nothing fundamentally wrong with people. Given a story to enact that puts them in accord with the world, they will live in accord with the world. But given a story to enact that puts them at odds with the world, as yours does, they will live at odds with the world. Given a story to enact in which they are the lords of the world, they will ACT like lords of the world. And, given a story to enact in which the world is a foe to be conquered, they will conquer it like a foe, and one day, inevitably, their foe will lie bleeding to death at their feet, as the world is now.
There's nothing wrong with you. There's a lot wrong with the world you live in. And definitely get out of high school and make everyone sorry.
There's no way you can kill someone and get to the other side of the experience unchanged.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
There's only one day at a time here, then it's tonight and then tomorrow will be today again.
There's only us, there's only this. Forget regret, or life is yours to miss. No other road, no other way, no day but today.
There's so much to be grateful for, words are poor things.
The Revolution introduced me to art, and in turn, art introduced me to the Revolution!
The reward of art is not fame or success but intoxication: that is why so many bad artists are unable to give it up.
The reward of a thing well done is having done it.
There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.
There will always be a frontier where there is an open mind and a willing hand.
There will always be people who say it does not exist because they cannot have it. But I tell you it is true and that you have it and that you are lucky even if you die tomorrow.
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning.
there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now.
There would be no society if living together depended upon understanding each other.
The rider evolved to serve to the elephant.
The rights of every man are diminished when the rights of one man are threatened.
The right thing at the wrong tme is the wrong thing.
The road of life twists and turns and no two directions are ever the same. Yet our lessons come from the journey, not the destination.
The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.
The road to enlightenment is long and difficult, and you should try not to forget snacks and magazines.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
The road to success is always under construction.
The road to success is not easy to navigate, but with hard work, drive and passion, it's possible to achieve the American dream.
The ruinous abdication by philosophy of its rightful domain is the consequence of the oblivion of philosophers to a great insight first beheld clearly by Socrates and re-affirmed by Kant as by no other philosopher. Science, concerned solely and exclusively with objective existents, cannot give answers to questions about meanings and values. Only ideas engendered by the mind and to be found nowhere but in the mind (Socrates), only the pure transcendental forms supplied by reason (Kant), can secure the ideals and values and put us in touch with the realities that constitute our moral and spiritual life. Twenty-four centuries after Socrates, two centuries after Kant, we badly need to re-learn the lesson.
The ruling classes use broken and smashed up childhoods as weaponised instruments of domination around the world. This is why the government has no incentive to end child abuse; because the government needs abuse victims as enforcers.
The rung of a ladder was never meant to rest upon, but only to hold a man's foot long enough to enable him to put the other somewhat higher.
The sacredness, if there is any, is all in yourself and not in the place.
The saddest thing that can happen to a person is to find out their memories are lies.
The safest general characterization of the European philosophical tradition is that it consists of a series of footnotes to
The same emotions are in man and woman, but in different TEMPO, on that account man and woman never cease to misunderstand each other.
The same word we love and hate, leaves in different directions, taking different paths.
The satyr, as the Dionysiac chorist, dwells in a reality sanctioned by myth and ritual. That tragedy should begin with him, that the Dionysiac wisdom of tragedy should speak through him, is as puzzling a phenomenon as, more generally, the origin of tragedy from the chorus. Perhaps we can gain a starting point for this inquiry by claiming that the satyr, that fictive nature sprite, stands to cultured man in the same relation as Dionysian music does to civilization. Richard Wagner has said of the latter that it is absorbed by music as lamplight by daylight. In the same manner, I believe, the cultured Greek felt himself absorbed into the satyr chorus, and in the next development of Greek tragedy state and society, in fact everything that separates man from man, gave way before an overwhelming sense of unity that led back into the heart of nature. This metaphysical solace (which, I wish to say at once, all true tragedy sends us away) that, despite every phenomenal change, life is at bottom indestructibly joyful and powerful, was expressed most concretely in the chorus of satyrs, nature beings who dwell behind all civilization and preserve their identity through every change of generations and historical movement.
The scepticism which men affect towards their higher inspirations is often not an honest doubt, but a guilty negligence, and is a sign of narrow mind and defective wisdom.
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow.
These acts of mass murder were intended to frighten our nation into chaos and retreat.But they have failed; our country is strong.
The sea is my mistress, but you are my wife.
The search for something permanent is one of the deepest of the instincts leading men to philosophy.
These are days when no one should rely unduly on his 'competence.' Strength lies in improvisation. All the decisive blows are struck left-handed.
The sea's only gifts are harsh blows, and occasionally the chance to feel strong. Now I don't know much about the sea, but I do know that that's the way it is here. And I also know how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong but to feel strong. To measure yourself at least once. To find yourself at least once in the most ancient of human conditions. Facing the blind death stone alone, with nothing to help you but your hands and your own head.
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
The second best policy is dishonesty
The second thing you have to do to be a writer is to keep on writing. Don't listen to people who tell you that very few people get published and you won't be one of them. Don't listen to your friend who says you are better that Tolkien and don't have to try any more. Keep writing, keep faith in the idea that you have unique stories to tell, and tell them. I meet far too many people who are going to be writers 'someday.' When they are out of high school, when they've finished college, after the wedding, when the kids are older, after I retire . . . That is such a trap You will never have any more free time than you do right now. So, whether you are 12 or 70, you should sit down today and start being a writer if that is what you want to do. You might have to write on a notebook while your kids are playing on the swings or write in your car on your coffee break. That's okay. I think we've all 'been there, done that.' It all starts with the writing.
The secret of Buddhism is to remove all ideas, all concepts, in order for the truth to have a chance to penetrate, to reveal itself.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex, overwhelming tasks into smaller manageable tasks, and then starting on the first one.
The secret of happiness is freedom. The secret of freedom is courage.
The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people.
The secret of my success is my hairspray.
The secret of our success is that we never, never give up.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.
The secret of success is sincerity.
The secret of success is to be in harmony with existence, to be always calm to let each wave of life wash us a little farther up the shore.
The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda.
The secrets of success are a good wife and a steady job. My wife told me.
The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.
The secret to happiness is freedom. And the secret to freedom is courage.
The secret to mastery in any field is to forever be a student.
The secret to success is good leadership, and good leadership is all about making the lives of your team members or workers better.
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.
The seed of suffering in you may be strong, but don't wait until you have no more suffering before allowing yourself to be happy.
These go to eleven.
The selfish man suffers more from his selfishness than he from whom that selfishness withholds some important benefit.
These mountains that you are carrying, you were only supposed to climb.
The sense of the tragic increases and declines with sensuousness.
These people fail to realize that it is on the inside that God must be defended, not on the outside. They should direct their anger at themselves. For evil in the open is but evil from within that has been let out. The main battlefield for good is not the open ground of the public arena but the small clearing of each heart.
The serenity of the sea is only matched by her salty kiss.
the serpent if it wants to become the dragon must eat itself.
The seven principles of Kwanzaa - unity, self-determinat ion, collective work and responsibility, cooperative economics, purpose, creativity and faith.
These were the lovely bones that had grown around my absence: the connections-sometimes tenuous, sometimes made at great cost, but often magnificent-that happened after I was gone. And I began to see things in a way that let me hold the world without me in it. The events that my death wrought were merely the bones of a body that would become whole at some unpredictable time in the future. The price of what I came to see as this miraculous body had been my life.
The sexes deceive themselves about each other: the reason is that in reality they honour and love only themselves (or their own ideal, to express it more agreeably). Thus man wishes woman to be peaceable: but in fact woman is ESSENTIALLY unpeaceable, like the cat, however well she may have assumed the peaceable demeanour.
The Shadow-maker shapes forever.
The shame of being a man - is there any better reason to write?
The shell must break before the bird can fly.
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire; the size of your dream; and how you handle disappointment along the way.
the sky away
The sky is the limit... for some people aim higher nothing is impossible.
The slope contains many wonders not found at the summit.
The small courtesies sweeten life; the greater, ennoble it.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
The smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities.
The so-called
The sole philosophy open to those who doubt the possibility of truth is absolute silence -- even mental.
The sole remaining task for philosophy is the analysis of language.
The soul exists partly in eternity and partly in time.
The soul gives unity to what it looks at with love.
The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
The source of man's rights is not divine law or a congressional law, but the law of identity. A is A ___ and man is man. Rights are conditions of existence required by man's nature for his proper survival. If man is to live on earth, it is right for him to use his mind, it is right to act on his own free judgment, it is right to work for his values and to keep the product for his work. If life on earth is his purpose, he has a right to live as a rational being: nature forbids him the irrational
The space race isn't to see who can get into space first. It's to get the hell off this planet we're on because they know that there is no turning back.
The spectacle is at the same time the mirage of self in the mirror of things.
The splendid thing
The spread of evil is the symptom of a vacuum. Whenever evil wins, it is only by default: by the moral failure of those who evade the fact that there can be no compromise on basic principles.
The square root of I is I.
The stalker, meanwhile, stepped into the road. Didn't even check for traffic. There wasn't any, but something told me this was lucky for traffic rather than the stalker.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
The starting point of all achievement is DESIRE. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat.
The state is that great fiction by which everyone tries to live at the expense of everyone else.
The statement 'There is nothing more American than an Indian' happens to be a multidimensional paradox. Try and not say too many of those. That might open your mind to ideas that could cause sanity point loss.
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four people is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you.
The sterile pleasure of being right tends to get stale in the course of a lifetime.
The stimulus to thought lies in the detail provided.
The stone that was rolled before Christ's tomb might appropriately be called the philosopher's stone because its removal gave not only the pharisees but, now for 1800 years, the philosophers so much to think about.
The story of my recent life.' I like that phrase. It makes more sense than 'the story of my life', because we get so many lives between birth and death. A life to be a child. A life to come of age. A life to wander, to settle, to fall in love, to parent, to test our promise, to realize our mortality- and in some lucky cases, to do something after that realization.
The strength of a man isn't seen in the power of his arms. It's seen in the love with which he EMBRACES you.
The strength of a man's virtue must not be measured by his efforts, but by his ordinary life.
The strength of a woman is not measured by the impact that all her hardships in life have had on her; but the strength of a woman is measured by the extent of her refusal to allow those hardships to dictate her and who she becomes.
The stronger a culture, the less it fears the radical fringe. The more paranoid and precarious a culture, the less tolerance it offers.
The strongest people aren't always the people who win, but the people who don't give up when they lose.
The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.
The struggle alone pleases us, not the victory.
The struggle ends when the gratitude begins.
The student is half afraid to meet one of the great philosophers face to face. He feels himself inadequate and thinks he will not understand him. But if he only knew, the great man, just because of his greatness, is much more intelligible than his modern commentator. The simplest student will be able to understand, if not all, yet a very great deal of what Plato said; but hardly anyone can understand some modern books on Platonism.
The Study of philosophy is not that we may know what men have thought, but what the truth of things is.
The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naive forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget.
The success and the failure are not my concern, but His.
The success combination in business is: Do what you do better... and: do more of what you do.
The successful man doesn't use others, other people use the successful man, for above all the success is of service.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laserlike focus.
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.
The success of any great moral enterprise does not depend upon numbers.
The success of any stand-up act comes out of life experience.
The success of a production depends on the attention paid to detail.
The success of each of us benefits us all, and the success of us all benefits each of us individually.
The success of the Rat Pack or the Clan was due to the camaraderie, the three guys who work together and kid each other and love each other.
The success of the young entrepreneur will be the key to India's transformation in the new millennium.
The summer sand has a secret to tell you. It is that you can't hold life; you can just enjoy it.
The summer's flower is to the summer sweet
The summit of happiness is reached when a person is ready to be what he is.
The sun shall always rise upon a new day and there shall always be a rose garden within me. Yes, there is a part of me that is broken, but my broken soil gives way to my wild roses.
The sun symbolizes the Divine intelligence; the empty vastness of space symbolizes the Divine All-Possibility and also the Divine immutability; a bird symbolizes the soul; a tree symbolizes the grades of being; and water symbolizes knowledge and rain revelation.
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest; success only comes later.
The supply of matter in the universe was never more tightly packed than it is now, or more widely spread out. For nothing is ever added to it or subtracted from it. It follows that the movement of atoms today is no different from what it was in bygone ages and always will be. So the things that have regularly come into being will continue to come into being in the same manner; they will be and grow and flourish so far as each is allowed by the laws of nature.
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.
The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.
The survival of liberty in our land increasingly depends on the success of liberty in other lands. The best hope for peace in our world is the expansion of freedom in all the world.
The swallow which builds its nest on a bamboo door screen, will find it difficult to rest.
The swarm is headed towards us.
The swordsman said, "Don't you see? The point is that you can't do the right thing unless you first decide to do the right thing. One way or the other, people err. Circumstance carry them into misdeed. Without any reason, without any thought, without any intention, they find themselves having been turned astray, onto the wrong path. The opposite never happens. No one says, 'Without realizing it, I found myself doing the right thing,' or 'At some point I must have started doing good deeds,' or 'I inadvertently did something right.' Without intent, there is no being right. Proper conduct requires proper intent. Without first deciding to the right thing, you can't do it. If you say you hurt because you can't do the right thing, that's because you haven't decided what you want to do.
The symbolism of meat-eating is never neutral. To himself, the meat-eater seems to be eating life. To the vegetarian, he seems to be eating death. There is a kind of gestalt-shift between the two positions which makes it hard to change, and hard to raise questions on the matter at all without becoming embattled.
The system that enables the most people to earn the most success is free enterprise, by matching up people's skills, interests, and abilities. In contrast, redistribution simply spreads money around. Even worse, it attenuates the ability to earn success by perverting economic incentives.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do without thought of fame. If it comes at all it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after.
The tears of the world are a constant quantity. For each one who begins to weep somewhere else another stops. The same is true of the laugh.
The tendency in modern civilization is to make the world uniform... Let the mind be universal. The individual should not be sacrificed.
The tendency of a person to allow himself to be degraded, robbed, deceived, and exploited might be the diffidence of a God among men.
The terrible thing, the almost impossible thing, is to hand over your whole self--all your wishes and precautions--to Christ. But it is far easier than what we are all trying to do instead. For what we are trying to do is to remain what we call "ourselves," to keep personal happiness as our great aim in life, and yet at the same time be "good.
The test of courage comes when we are in the minority. The test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority.
The theistic philosopher has a tendency to devalue insufficient worldviews, ideologies, and quite often common sense for the greater good, and in such cases, one should not be discouraged when seen as a bad guy. If he stresses over man's perception of a righteous heart, then he has given his heart to man.
The Theist tells us that the truth is
The theological perspective of participation actually saves the appearances by exceeding them. It recognizes that materialism and spiritualism are false alternatives, since if there is only finite matter there is not even that, and that for phenomena really to be there they must be more than there. Hence, by appealing to an eternal source for bodies, their art, language, sexual and political union, one is not ethereally taking leave of their density. On the contrary, one is insisting that behind this density resides an even greater density -- beyond all contrasts of density and lightness (as beyond all contrasts of definition and limitlessness). This is to say that all there is only is because it is more than it is. (...)
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
The thing about a spiral is, if you follow it inward, it never actually ends. It just keeps tightening, infinitely.
The thing about being vintage is that it never goes out of fashion.
The thing about growing up with Fred and George," said Ginny thoughtfully, "is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
The things you own end up owning you.
The thought of suicide is a great consolation: by means of it one gets successfully through many a bad night.
The thoughts of all men arise from the darkness. If you are the movement of your soul, and the cause of that movement precedes you, then how could you ever call your thoughts your own? How could you be anything other than a slave to the darkness that comes before?
The three chief virtues of a programmer are: Laziness, Impatience and Hubris.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
The three most important words in a relationship are not, 'I love you,' but, 'Tell me more.
The three ordinary things that we often don't pay enough attention to, but which I believe are the drivers of all success, are hard work, perseverance, and basic honesty.
The time I had waited probably made the difference between success and failure.
the time is always right to do the right thing
The time is right to make a new friend.
The time of a man's life is as a point; the substance of it ever flowing, the sense obscure; and the whole composition of the body tending to corruption. His soul is restless, fortune uncertain, and fame doubtful; to be brief, as a stream so are all things belonging to the body; as a dream, or as a smoke, so are all that belong unto the soul. Our life is a warfare, and a mere pilgrimage. Fame after life is no better than oblivion. What is it then that will adhere and follow? Only one thing, philosophy. And philosophy doth consist in this, for a man to preserve that spirit which is within him, from all manner of contumelies and injuries, and above all pains or pleasures; never to do anything either rashly, or feignedly, or hypocritically: only to depend from himself, and his own proper actions: all things that happen unto him to embrace contentendly, as coming from Him from whom he himself also came; and above all things, with all meekness and a calm cheerfulness, to expect death, as being nothing else but the resolution of those elements, of which every creature is composed. And if the elements themselves suffer nothing by their perpetual conversion of one into another, that dissolution, and alteration, which is so common unto all, why should it be feared by any? Is not this according to nature? But nothing that is according to nature can be evil.
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
The tools we use have a profound (and devious!) influence on our thinking habits, and, therefore, on our thinking abilities.
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success.
The tragedy is that we cannot believe the dogmas of religion and metaphysics if we have the strict methods of truth in heart and head, but on the other hand, we have become through the development of humanity so tenderly suffering that we need the highest kind of means of salvation and consolation: whence arises the danger that man may bleed to death through the truth that he realises.
The tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach.
The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives.
The tragedy of man is the difference between what he can be, and what he is.
The treacherous are ever distrustful.
the trees stand. i think i, too, have known autumn too long.
The trick is to enjoy life. Don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.
The trouble in America is not that we are making too many mistakes, but that we are making too few.
The trouble is you can shut your eyes but you can't shut your mind.
The trouble is you think you have time.
The trouble was that he was talking in philosophy but they were listening in gibberish.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
The trouble with doing something right the first time, is nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
The trouble with fiction," said John Rivers, "is that it makes too much sense. Reality never makes sense.
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are always cocksure and the intelligent are always filled with doubt.
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt.
The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.
The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything.
The true miracle lies in our eagerness to allow, appreciate, and honor the uniqueness, and freedom of each sentient being to sing the song of their heart.
The true philosopher is a man who says "All right," and goes to sleep in his armchair.
The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do.
The truth always carries the ambiguity of the words used to express it.
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
The truth is, going against the internal stream of ignorance is way more rebellious than trying to start some sort of cultural revolution.
The truth is helpless when up against perception
The truth is I didn't need therapy; I just needed to feel loved and know that someone out there craved my attention.
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
The truth is that relative income is not directly related to happiness. Nonpartisan social-survey data clearly show that the big driver of happiness is earned success: a person's belief that he has created value in his life or the life of others.
The truth is that the world is full of dragons, and none of us are as powerful or cool as we'd like to be. And that sucks. But when you're confronted with that fact, you can either crawl into a hole and quit, or you can get out there, take off your shoes, and Bilbo it up.
The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.
The truth knocks on the door and you say, "Go away, I'm looking for the truth," and so it goes away. Puzzling.
The truth was a mirror in the hands of God. It fell, and broke into pieces. Everybody took a piece of it, and they looked at it and thought they had the truth.
The truth was this: Love is a decision.
The turning point in the process of growing up is when you discover the core of strength within you that survives all hurt.
The turning point was when I hit my 30th birthday. I thought, if really want to write, it's time to start. I picked up the book How to Write a Novel in 90 Days. The author said to just write three pages a day, and I figured, I can do this. I never got past Page 3 of that book.
The two most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
The two most important requirements for major success are: first, being in the right place at the right time, and second, doing something about it.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
The two of you, there's something uncanny about the way you two are with each other. I mean everything--the way you look at each other, the way she relaxes when you put your hand on her back, the way you both seem to know what the other is always thinking, it's always struck me as extraordinary. That's another reason I keep putting marriage off. I know I want something like what you two share, and I'm not sure I've found it yet. I'm not sure I ever will. And with love like that, they say anything's possible, right?
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something.
The ultimate goal of humanity is knowledge.
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.
The unity of scientific and spiritual knowledge is realized when each of the particular sciences is organically related to the supreme knowledge of al-tawhid.
The universe danced towards life. Life was a remarkably common commodity. Anything sufficiently complicated seemed to get cut in for some, in the same way that anything massive enough got a generous helping of gravity. The universe had a definite tendency towards awareness. This suggested a certain subtle cruelty woven into the very fabric of space-time.
The universe doesn't give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.
The universe is a million billion light-years wide, and every inch of it would kill you if you went there. This is the position of the universe with regards to human life.
The universe is a philosophical abyss.
The universe is big. It's vast and complicated and ridiculous. And sometimes--very rarely--impossible things just happen and we call them miracles.
The universe is big, its vast and complicated, and ridiculous. And sometimes, very rarely, impossible things just happen and we call them miracles. And that's the theory. Nine hundred years, never seen one yet, but this would do me.
The universe is made of stories, not of atoms.
The universe never complains.
The unknown," said Faxe's soft voice in the forest, "the unforetold, the unproven, that is what life is based on. Ignorance is the ground of thought. Unproof is the ground of action. If it were proven that there is no God there would be no religion. No Handdara, no Yomesh, no hearthgods, nothing. But also if it were proven that there is a God, there would be no religion. ... Tell me, Genry, what is known? What is sure, unpredictable, inevitable -- the one certain thing you know concerning your future, and mine?"
The unreal is more powerful than the real. Because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it. Because its only intangible ideas, concepts, beliefs, fantasies that last. Stone crumbles. Wood rots. People, well, they die. But things as fragile as a thought, a dream, a legend, they can go on and on. If you can change the way people think. The way they see themselves. The way they see the world. You can change the way people live their lives. That's the only lasting thing you can create.
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense.
The value of things is not the time they last, but the intensity with which they occur. That is why there are unforgettable moments and unique people!
The vanity of others is only counter to our taste when it is counter to our vanity.
The very best thing you can do for the whole world is to make the most of yourself.
The very first step towards success in any occupation is to become interested in it.
The victim mindset dilutes the human potential. By not accepting personal responsibility for our circumstances, we greatly reduce our power to change them.
The victor belongs to the spoils.
The view that man was ever to be drawn by some vision of the unattainable shining ahead, doomed ever to aspire, but not to achieve, my life and my values could not bring me to that.
The view that the truth is one and undivided, and the same for all men everywhere at all times, whether one finds it in the pronouncements of sacred books, traditional wisdom, the authority of churches, democratic majorities, observation and experiment conducted by qualified experts, or the convictions of simple folks uncorrupted by civilisation---this view, in one form or another, is central to western thought, which stems from Plato and his disciples.
The vision that you glorify in your mind, the ideal that you enthrone in your heart - this you will build your life by, and this you will become.
The vivid force of his mind prevailed, and he fared forth far beyond the flaming ramparts of the heavens and traversed the boundless universe in thought and mind.
The vote is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injustice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men.
The walls are the publishers of the poor.
The warrior is Here, Now.
The warrior learns of the spiritual realm by dwelling on the cutting edge of the sword, standing at the edge of the fire pit, venturing right up to the edge of starvation if necessary. Vibrant and intense living is the warrior's form of worship.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain!
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
The way of a superior man is three-fold: virtuous, he is free from anxieties; wise, he is free from perplexities; bold, he is free from fear.
The ways of fate are indeed hard to understand. If there is not some compensation hereafter, then the world is a cruel jest.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
The way to get started is to quit talking and start doing.
The way to get started is to quit talking ans begin doing.
The way you see people is the way you treat them and the way you treat them is what they become.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
The wealth required by nature is limited and is easy to procure; but the wealth required by vain ideals extends to infinity.
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name.
The western mind makes definitions; it draws lines.
The whole life of a man is but a point in time; let us enjoy it.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
The whole summer lay ahead of us-time to rest, time to wait. And when the future comes-no matter what comes with it-I'll be smarter. I'll be stronger. I'll be ready.
The will of the people, moreover, practically means the will of the most numerous or the most active part of the people; the majority, or those who succeed in making themselves accepted as the majority; type people, consequently, may desire to oppress a part of their number; and precautions are as much needed against this as against any other abuse of power.
The will to overcome an emotion, is ultimately only the will of another, or of several other, emotions.
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success.
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
The winner's edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner's edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success.
The wise does at once what the fool does at last.
The wise man belongs to all countries, for the home of a great soul is the whole world.
The wise man who has become accustomed to necessities knows better how to share with others than how to take from them, so great a treasure of self-sufficiency has he found.
The wise warrior avoids the battle.
The wish to travel seems to me characteristically human: the desire to move, to satisfy your curiosity or ease your fears, to change the circumstances of your life, to be a stranger, to make a friend, to experience an exotic landscape, to risk the unknown..
The wolves knew when it was time to stop looking for what they'd lost, to focus instead on what was yet to come.
The wonderful and frustrating thing about understanding yourself is that nobody can do it for you.
The word 'listen' contains the same letters as the word 'silent'.
The words 'I Love You' kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second.
The Work Begins Anew, The Hope Rises Again, And The Dream Lives On.
The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.
The work of the philosophical policeman," replied the man in blue, "is at once bolder and more subtle than that of the ordinary detective. The ordinary detective goes to pot-houses to arrest thieves; we go to artistic tea-parties to detect pessimists. The ordinary detective discovers from a ledger or a diary that a crime has been committed. We discover from a book of sonnets that a crime will be committed. We have to trace the origin of those dreadful thoughts that drive men on at last to intellectual fanaticism and intellectual crime. We were only just in time to prevent the assassination at Hartlepool, and that was entirely due to the fact that our Mr. Wilks (a smart young fellow) thoroughly understood a triolet.
The world does not speak. Only we do. The world can, once we have programmed ourselves with a language, cause us to hold beliefs. But it cannot propose a language for us to speak. Only other human beings can do that.
The world has become sad because a puppet was once melancholy. The nihilist, that strange martyr who has no faith, who goes to the stake without enthusiasm, and dies for what he does not believe in, is a purely literary product. He was invented by Turgenev, and completed by Dostoevsky. Robespierre came out of the pages of Rousseau as surely as the People's Palace rose out debris of a novel. Literature always anticipates life. It does not copy it, but moulds it to its purpose.
The world is a garden of philosophy. God is its gardener; Man is the visitor.
The world is a good judge of things, for it is in natural ignorance, which is man's true state. The sciences have two extremes which meet. The first is the pure natural ignorance in which all men find themselves at birth. The other extreme is that reached by great intellects, who, having run through all that men can know, find they know nothing, and come back again to that same ignorance from which they set out; but this is a learned ignorance which is conscious of itself. Those between the two, who have departed from natural ignorance and not been able to reach the other, have some smattering of this vain knowledge and pretend to be wise. These trouble the world and are bad judges of everything. The people and the wise constitute the world; these despise it, and are despised. They judge badly of everything, and the world judges rightly of them.
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
The world is my country, all mankind are my bethren, and to do good is my religion.
The world is so empty if one thinks only of mountains, rivers
The world is wide, and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum.
The world is your exercise book, the pages on which you do your sums. It is not reality, though you may express reality there if you wish. You are also free to write lies, or nonsense, or to tear the pages.
The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless.
The world rests on principles.
The world's a puzzle; no need to make sense out of it." - Socrates
The world's people all share the earnest aspiration to have peace, stability, justice and cooperation.
The world takes us to a silver screen on which flickering images of passion and romance play, and as we watch, the world says, "This is love." God takes us to the foot of a tree on which a naked and bloodied man hangs and says, "This is love.
The world, viewed philosophically, remains a series of slave camps, where citizens -- tax livestock -- labor under the chains of illusion in the service of their masters.
The world was floods above and fire below
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
The Wright brothers flew right through the smoke screen of impossibility.
They all know the truth, that there are only three subjects worth talking about. At least here in these parts," he says, "The weather, which, as they're farmers, affects everything else. Dying and birthing, of both people and animals. And what we eat - this last item comprising what we ate the day before and what we're planning to eat tomorrow. And all three of these major subjects encompass, in one way or another, philosophy, psychology, sociology, anthropology, the physical sciences, history, art, literature, and religion. We get around to sparring about all that counts in life but we usually do it while we're talking about food, it being a subject inseparable from every other subject. It's the table and the bed that count in life. And everything else we do, we do so we can get back to the table, back to the bed.
They alone live, who live for others.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
They are never alone who are accompanied by noble thought.
They are waiting for you to light up, So that they can blow you off.
They call it a Royale with cheese.
They call me Mister Tibbs!
They can because they think they can.
They can conquer who believe they can.
They can't tell so much about you if you got your eyes closed.
They grew; they did not talk about growing.
They laugh at me because I'm different; I laugh at them because they're all the same.
They lived like monkeys still, while their new god powers lay around them in the weeds.
They may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom!
They [Nazi captors]had more liberty, more options to choose from in their environment; but he [Viktor Frankl] had more freedom, more internal power to exercise his options.
They're here!
They said, we have education, but what about jobs? So I started telling them, you should be taking a pledge, and the pledge should be: 'I'm not a job seeker; I'm a job giver.' Prepare yourself to be a job giver.
They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I think the same could be said for time.
They say that every snowflake is different. If that were true, how could the world go on? How could we ever get up off our knees? How could we ever recover from the wonder of it?
They say that God works in mysterious ways, but what is so mysterious about love?
They succeed, because they think they can.
They talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in Africa, Asia and Latin America?
they Whatever can make life truly happy is absolutely good in its own right because it cannot be warped into evil From whence then comes error In that while all men wish for a happy life they mistake the means for the thing itself and while they fancy themselves in pursuit of it they are flying from it for when the sum of happiness consists in solid tranquillity and an unembarrassed confidence therein they are ever collecting causes of disquiet and not only carry burthens but drag them painfully along through the rugged and deceitful path of life so that they still withdraw themselves from the good effect proposed the more pains they take the more business they have upon their hands instead of advancing they are retrograde and as it happens in a labyrinth their very speed puzzles and confounds them
They will say that I, having no literary skill, cannot properly express that which I desire to treat of, but they do not know that my subjects are to be dealt with by experience rather than by words. And [experience] has been the mistress of those who wrote well. And so, as mistress, I will cite her in all cases. Though I may not, like them, be able to quote other authors, I shall rely on that which is much greater and more worthy: on experience, the mistress of their masters.
The zipper displaces the button and a man lacks just that much time to think while dressing at dawn, a philosophical hour, and thus a melancholy hour.
Things always become obvious after the fact
Things are not always what they seem.
Things are not always what they seem; the first appearance deceives many; the intelligence of a few perceives what has been carefully hidden.
Things die. But they don't always stay dead. Believe me, I know.
Things do not change; we change.
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.
Things evolve into other things. Emotions do the same. Forever. Your best ally in all of these shifting seas is your faith in the fact that you are exactly where you are supposed to be. Stay put. Stay soft. Stay gentle and kind. Listen to your instincts. Meditate. Pray. Laugh as much as humanly possible. Pain is ok too. Say thank you for all of it. Feel proud that you have spent most of your life's energy on cultivating a strong connection to your own soul and the will of your heart. It is leading you somewhere deeply satisfying, but never perfect.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Things that look like an 'overnight success' typically are not.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Things which are accidentally the causes either of hope or fear are called good or evil omens.
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least.
Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most.
Things will get easier, people's minds will change, and you should be alive to see it.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
Think, Believe, Dream, and Dare.
Thinking only begins at the point where we have come to know that Reason, glorified for centuries, is the most obstinate adversary of thinking.
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success.
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.
Think of me as an impetuous Hegel, drunk with power, and also, regular drunk.
Think of what you have rather than of what you lack. Of the things you have, select the best and then reflect how eagerly you would have sought them if you did not have them.
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.
Think with your whole body.
Thirty-five is when you finally get your head together and your body starts falling apart.
This body is fragile. It is just flesh. Listen to the heartbeat. Life depends on the pumping of a muscle.
This causation exists as a streamed organization of constantly fluid potential. Anything that can be must first hold the streaming potential to be. It is soul.
This CD became something of a personal journey for me. The tone of the whole CD is uplifting and inspirational. It's an upper. We have enough downers in the world.
This city belongs to ghosts, to murderers, to sleepwalkers. Where are you, in what bed, in what dream?
This feat I also had no idea how to accomplish, but ignorance had never stopped me from taking action before.
This first glance of a soul which does not yet know itself is like dawn in the heavens; it is the awakening of something radiant and unknown.
This inhuman place makes human monsters.
This, in the end, is the prime purpose of a philosophy: to give us lucid ways to think about the world and how to live in it.
This intriguing 'somewhere else,' where intelligence no longer matters and awareness melts away, commands us to cherish our remains of innocence -- because of all the characteristics of human nature, the richest by far is passion for the perfectly useless.
This is a love story. Twisted and messy. Flawed and screwed up. But it's ours. It's us. I don't know how our story will end. but I know it will start.
This is considered almost holy work by farmers and ranchers. Kill off everything you can't eat. Kill off anything that eats what you eat. Kill off anything that doesn't feed what you eat."
This is just rap. I'm not trying to make people think I'm some sort of scientific wizard or inspirational poet.
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
This is not a book of truth, but simply a book that attempts with as little bias as humanly possible, to understand truth. In reality, there can be no book of truth, because truth does not rise from books. Truth rises from the human mind - truth rises from the deepest fathoms of your soul.
This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.
This isn't burger king, you can't have it your way.
This is precisely how someone speaks who imagines that he is the world's divinely appointed ruler: 'I will not LET them starve. I will not LET the drought come. I will not LET the river flood.
This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
This is the best thing to wear for today, you understand. Because I don't like women in skirts and the best thing is to wear pantyhose or some pants under a short skirt, I think. Then you have the pants under the skirt and then you can pull the stockings up over the pants underneath the skirt. And you can always take off the skirt and use it as a cape. So I think this is the best costume for today.
This is the concentration camp and crematorium at Auschwitz. This is where people were turned into numbers. Into this pond were flushed the ashes of some four million people. And that was not done by gas. It was done by arrogance. It was done by dogma. It was done by ignorance. When people believe that they have absolute knowledge, with no test in reality, this is how they behave.
This is the first test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
This is the key to life: To expect everything to be given to you from above, yet to be genuinely surprised and forever grateful, when they are. Expecting all good things to be yours, while not knowing how to take anything for granted. If there may be a key in life, this is the key.
This is the Modern Man. The man who seeks himself without ever seeking, because he does not want to find;
This is the paradox of public space: even if everyone knows an unpleasant fact, saying it in public changes everything. One of the first measures taken by the new Bolshevik government in 1918 was to make public the entire corpus of tsarist secret diplomacy, all the secret agreements, the secret clauses of public agreements etc. There too the target was the entire functioning of the state apparatuses of power.
This is the secret of life: the self lives only by dying, finds its identity (and its happiness) only by self-forgetfulness, self-giving, self-sacrifice, and agape love.
This is the way of peace: Overcome evil with good, falsehood with truth, and hatred with love.
This is who the fuck I am.
This is why they started us here so young: to give ourselves away before the age when the questions 'why' and 'to what' grow real beaks and claws.
This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time.
This is your life, and its ending one minute at a time.
This is your life. Do what you want and do it often.
This life is for loving, sharing, learning, smiling, caring, forgiving, laughing, hugging, helping, dancing, wondering, healing, and even more loving. I choose to live life this way. I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, 'aw shit, he's up!
This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
This life is yours. Take the power to choose what you want to do and do it well. Take the power to love what you want in life and love it honestly. Take the power to walk in the forest and be a part of nature. Take the power to control your own life. No one else can do it for you. Take the power to make your life happy.
This new day has greeted us with no rules; unconditional opportunity. Do not dilute the power of this new day with the hardship of yesterday. Greet this day the way it has greeted you; with open arms and endless possibility.
This only is denied to God: the power to undo the past.
This place has only three exits, sir: Madness, and Death.
This place is a dream. Only a sleeper considers it real. Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief.
This place is special to me and I just wanted to share it with you.
This primary question of life organization is immensely important. If making money is the main goal, a person can often forget what his or her true interests are or how he or she wants to deserve recognition from others. It is much more difficult to add on other values to a life that started out with just making money in mind than it is to make some personally interesting endeavor financially possible or even profitable.
This sweet virginal primitive land will metaphorically breathe a sigh of relief --like a whisper of wind--when we are all and finally gone and the place and its creations can return to their ancient procedures unobserved and undisturbed by the busy, anxious, brooding consciousness of man.
This time, there was no escape, I could not turn away, could not leave without accepting what I had done. There was only one way to the other side, and that was through the pain.
This too, shall pass.
This was not a fearie tale. This was not the movies. This was life. It hurt more. It was excruciating. It was excruciatingly beautiful.
This world, in which reason is more and more at home, is not habitable. It is hard and cold like those depots in which are piled up goods that cannot satisfy: neither clothe those who are naked, nor feed those who are hungry; it is as impersonal as factory hangars and industrial cities in which manufactured things remain abstract, true with statistical truth and borne on the anonymous circuit of the economy, resulting from skilful planning decisions which cannot prevent, but prepare disasters. There it is, the mind in its masculine essence, living on the outside, exposed to the violent, blinding sun, to the trade winds that beat against it and beat it down, on a land without folds, rootless, solitary and wandering and thus already alienated by the very things which it caused to be produced and which remain untameable and hostile.
This world is your best teacher. There is a lesson in everything. There is a lesson in each experience. Learn it and become wise. Every failure is a stepping stone to success. Every difficulty or disappointment is a trial of your faith. Every unpleasant incident or temptation is a test of your inner strength. Therefore nil desperandum. March forward hero!
This year's Psychic Fair will be held on June 23rd. In the event of rain, it will be held the previous Saturday.
Thomas Jefferson, that owner of many slaves, chose to begin the Declaration of Independence by directly contradicting the moral basis of slavery, writing "we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, and that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable Rights ..." thus undercutting simultaneously any argument that Africans were racially inferior, and also that they or their ancestors could ever have been justly and legally deprived of their freedom. In doing so, however, he did not propose some radically new conception of rights and liberties. Neither have subsequent political philosophers. For the most part, we've just kept the old ones, but with the word "not" inserted here and there. Most of our most precious rights and freedoms are a series of exceptions to an overall moral and legal framework that suggests we shouldn't really have them in the first place.
Those are my principles. If you don't like them I have others.
Those three things - autonomy, complexity, and a connection between effort and reward - are, most people will agree, the three qualities that work has to have if it is to be satisfying.
Those were steps for me, and I have climbed up over them: to that end I had to pass over them. Yet they thought that I wanted to retire on them.
Those who are wise won't be busy, and those who are too busy can't be wise.
Those who are without compassion cannot see what is seen with the eyes of compassion.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
Those who cannot work with their hearts achieve but a hollow, half-hearted success that breeds bitterness all around.
Those who create children must raise them"
Those who do not think bout the future cannot have one.
Those who do not weep, do not see.
Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them; for these only gave them life, those the art of living well.
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves.
Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know.
Those who know that they are profound strive for clarity. Those who would like to seem profound to the crowd strive for obscurity. For the crowd believes that if it cannot see to the bottom of something it must be profound. It is so timid and dislikes going into the water.
Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.
Those who look for the bad in people will surely find it.
Those who make conversations impossible, make escalation inevitable.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
Those who meet Jesus always experience either joy or its opposites, either foretastes of Heaven or foretastes of Hell. Not everyone who meets Jesus is pleased, and not everyone is happy, but everyone is shocked.
Those who travel to mountain-tops are half in love with themselves, and half in love with oblivion.
Those who wish to sing, always find a song.
Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.
Though all men be equally frail before the world, the differences between them are terrifying.
Though I had success in my research both when I was mad and when I was not, eventually I felt that my work would be better respected if I thought and acted like a 'normal' person.
Though my work may be menial, though my contribution may be small, I can perform it with dignity and offer it with unselfishness. My talents may not be great, but I can use them to bless the lives of others.... The goodness of the world in which we live is the accumulated goodness of many small and seemingly inconsequential acts.
Thoughtfulness for others, generosity, modesty, and self-respect, are the qualities which make a real gentleman, or lady, as distinguished from the veneered article which commonly goes by that name.
Though the road's been rocky it sure feels good to me.
Thought is so cunning, so clever, that it distorts everything for its own convenience.
Thought is the original source of all wealth, all success, all material gain, all great discoveries and inventions, and of all achievement.
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
Thought is what we start from: the simple, intimate, immediate datum. Matter is the inferred thing, the mystery.
Thought's a luxury. Do you think the peasant sits and thinks of God and Democracy when he gets inside his mud hut at night?
Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand.
Thoughts lead on to purposes; purposes go forth in action; actions form habits; habits decide character; and character fixes our destiny.
Thoughts without content are empty, intuitions without concepts are blind.
Though we tremble before uncertain futures
Though why should we expect age to mellow us? If it isn't life's business to reward merit, why should it be life's business to give us warm, comfortable feelings towards its end? What possible evolutionary purpose could nostalgia serve?
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Thou shalt not be a victim, thou shalt not be a perpetrator, but, above all, thou shalt not be a bystander.
Three metamorphoses of the spirit have I designated to you: how the
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind. These passions, like great winds, have blown me hither and thither, in a wayward course, over a great ocean of anguish, reaching to the very verge of despair.
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
Thus, from the war of nature, from famine and death, the most exalted object which we are capable of conceiving, namely, the production of the higher animals, directly follows. There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
Thus I assume that to each according to his threat advantage is not a conception of justice.
Thus, programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute.
Thus they have an idol that they petition for victory in war; another for success in their labors; and so for everything in which they seek or desire prosperity, they have their idols, which they honor and serve.
Tiger got to hunt, bird got to fly;
Til shade is gone,
Time (again, Time) like the soul, wears many faces, many bodies and climates and attitudes. The past is one face, the present a second and the future yet another.
Time cannot be packaged and ribboned and left under trees for christmas morning.Time can't be given.But it can be shared
Time deals gently only with those who take it gently.
Time doesn't heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana
Time heals all wounds. Keep your chin up.
Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to'.
Time is a game played beautifully by children.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
Time is just quantified eternity.
Time is life itself, and life resides in the human heart.
Time is not measured by a watch, but by moments.
Time is simply the measurement of human progression against that of existence.
Time is the Mind of Space.
Time is the most precious element of human existence. The successful person knows how to put energy into time and how to draw success from time.
Time is what keeps everything from happening all at once.
Time is what keeps things from happening all at once.
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.
Time's fun when you're having flies.
Time to stand up for what you believe in.
Time to toss the dice
Time weighs down on you like an old, ambiguous dream. You keep on moving, trying to sleep through it. But even if you go to the ends of the earth, you won't be able to escape it. Still, you have to go there- to the edge of the world. There's something you can't do unless you get there.
'Tis pleasant, sure, to see one's name in print. A book's a book, although there's nothing in 't.
Tis the wink of an eye, 'tis the draught of a breath,
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act but also dream, not only plan, but also believe!
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
To achieve great things, two things are needed; a plan, and not quite enough time.
To all appearances he was just drifting. In actuality he was just drifting.
To all that come to this happy place, welcome. Disneyland is your land. Here age relives fond memories of the past, and here youth may savor the challenge and promise of the future. Disneyland is dedicated to the ideals, the dreams, and the hard facts that have created America... with hope that it will be a source of joy and inspiration to all the world.
To approach the Other in conversation is to welcome his expression, in which at each instant he overflows the idea a thought would carry away from it. It is therefore to receive from the Other beyond the capacity of the I, which means exactly: to have the idea of infinity. But this also means: to be taught. The relation with the Other, or Conversation, is a non-allergic relation, an ethical relation; but inasmuch as it is welcomed this conversation is a teaching. Teaching is not reducible to maieutics; it comes from the exterior and brings me more than I contain. In its non-violent transitivity the very epiphany of the face is produced.
To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.
To be a god can ultimately become boring and degrading. There'd be reason enough for the invention of free will! A god might wish to escape into sleep and be alive only in the unconscious projections of his dream-creatures.
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
To be alone is to be different, to be different is to be alone.
To be a man requires that you accept everything life has to give you, beginning with your name.
To be an artist is to believe in life.
To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts, nor even to found a school, but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates, a life of simplicity, independence, magnanimity and trust.
To be a philosopher, just reverse everything you have ever been told...and have a sense of humor doing it.
To be a poet is a vacation not a vocation.
To bear defeat with dignity, to accept criticism with poise, to receive honors with humility -- these are marks of maturity and graciousness.
To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden.
To be ashamed of one's immorality is a step on the ladder at the end of which one is ashamed also of one's morality.
To be a success, look at the failure and see the light of success.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to be yourself.
To become truly great, one has to stand with people, not above them.
To be deeply loved, means a willingness to cut yourself wide open, exposing your vulnerabilities... hopes, hurts, fears and flaws. Hiding behind the highlight reel of who you are, is the real you and that person is just as worthy of love. There is nothing more terrifying or fulfilling, than complete love, it's worth the risk... reach for it.
To be evenminded
To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.
To begin, begin.
To be good is noble, but to teach others how to be good is nobler--and less trouble.
To be grateful is to recognize the Love of God in everything He has given us - and He has given us everything. Every breath we draw is a gift of His love, every moment of existence is a grace, for it brings with it immense graces from Him.
To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.
To be incapable of taking one's enemies, one's accidents, even one's misdeeds seriously for very long - that is the sign of strong full natures in whom there is an excess of power to form, to mold, to recuperate and to forget. Mirabeau had no memory for insults and vile actions done to him and was unable to forgive simply because he - forgot. Such a man shakes off with a single shrug the many vermin that eat deep into others.
To be in your children's memories tomorrow,
To be kind, honest and have positive thoughts; to forgive those who harm us and treat everyone as a friend; to help those who are suffering and never to consider ourselves superior to anyone else: even if this advice seems rather simplistic, make the effort of seeing whether by following it you can find greater happiness.
To believe in nothing is as ridiculous as to believe in everything. Reason and factual evidence may convert a belief into knowledge.
To be like the rock that the waves keep crashing over. It stands unmoved and the raging of the sea falls still around it.
To be, or not to be: what a question!
To be pleasant, gentle, calm and self-possessed: this is the basis of good taste and charm in a woman. No matter how amorous or passionate you may be, as long as you are straightforward and refrain from causing others embarrassment, no one will mind. But women who are too vain and act pretentiously, to the extent that they make others feel uncomfortable, will themselves become the object of attention; and once that happens, people will find fault with whatever they say or do; whether it be how they enter a room, how they sit down, how they stand up or how they take their leave. Those who end up contradicting themselves and those who disparage their companions are also carefully watched and listened to all the more. As long as you are free from such faults, people will surely refrain from listening to tittle-tattle and will want to show you sympathy, if only for the sake of politeness.
To be poor, ugly and, moreover, intelligent condemns one in our society to a dark and disillusioned life...to beauty all is forgiven.
To be prepared against surprise is to be trained. To be prepared for surprise is to be educated.
To be prepared is half the victory.
To be ready to fail is to be prepared for success.
To be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. It doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. Remember that only ONE person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of God.
To be successful you have to be lucky, or a little mad, or very talented, or find yourself in a rapid growth field.
To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business and your business in your heart.
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like.
To better understand God we must first shatter our own idea of God - maybe even day after day. Maybe he's too great to stay compressed in the human mind. Maybe he splits it wide open; this is why pretentious intellectualism so often fails to comprehend the concept of God: it is only accepting of what it can explain while in the process finding higher sources offensive. What we may confidently assert is that faith is the opening that allows God, this unpredictable, unseen power, to travel in and out of the mind without all the pains of confusion.
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
To be yourself is in many ways to be inconvenient to others. Only placaters and appeasers get along with other people all the time and that's not really getting along with anyone. That's just self erasure.
To burn always with this hard, gem-like flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.
To call woman the weaker sex is a libel; it is man's injustice to woman. If by strength is meant brute strength, then, indeed, is woman less brute than man. If by strength is meant moral power, then woman is immeasurably man's superior. Has she not greater intuition, is she not more self-sacrificing, has she not greater powers of endurance, has she not greater courage? Without her, man could not be. If nonviolence is the law of our being, the future is with woman. Who can make a more effective appeal to the heart than woman?"
To care about your outward appearance is important, but what's more important is to have a beautiful soul.
To change one's life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly. No exceptions.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
To conquer oneself is the best and noblest victory; to be vanquished by one's own nature is the worst and most ignoble defeat.
Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.
Today a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration, that we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively, there is no such thing as death, life is only a dream, and we are the imagination of ourselves. Heres Tom with the Weather.
Today, figure out what makes you happy and do more of it. Figure out what doesn't and do less of it.
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.
Today is a new day. Don't let your history interfere with your destiny! Let today be the day you stop being a victim of your circumstances and start taking action towards the life you want. You have the power and the time to shape your life. Break free from the poisonous victim mentality and embrace the truth of your greatness. You were not meant for a mundane or mediocre life!
Today is not the day I die.
Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone.
Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!
Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life.
Today the aggressor is the shepherd of peace, and the beaten and hunted are the troublemakers of the world. What's more, there are whole races who believe it!
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past.
To do a common thing uncommonly well brings success.
To do something, however small, to make others happier and better, is the highest ambition, the most elevating hope, which can inspire a human being.
To each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.
To enjoy enduring success we should travel a little in advance of the world.
To enjoy the true beauty of life, be kind to yourself.
To err is human, to blame the next guy even more so.
To establish that a rule is likely to be true, one must try to prove it false.
To every problem, there is a most simple solution.
To exist in this vast universe for a speck of time is the great gift of life. Our tiny sliver of time is our gift of life. It is our only life. The universe will go on, indifferent to our brief existence, but while we are here we touch not just part of that vastness, but also the lives around us. Life is the gift each of us has been given. Each life is our own and no one else's. It is precious beyond all counting. It is the greatest value we can have. Cherish it for what it truly is..... Your life is yours alone. Rise up and live it.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
To fill your life with the joy of living, keep smiling.
To find yourself, feel the world around you.
To find your true strength, have faith in yourself.
To follow the path: look to the master, follow the master, walk with the master, see through the master, become the master.
To follow, without halt, one aim: that's the secret of success.
To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success.
Together, "Light and Knowledge" are Inanimate, Intangible, and Inseparable.
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
To get what you want, you have to know exactly how much you are willing to give up.
To have regret is to be disappointed with yourself and your choices. Those who are wise, see their life like stepping stones across a great river. Everyone misses a stone from time to time. No one can cross the river without getting wet. Success is measured by your arrival on the other side, not on how muddy your shoes are. Regrets are only felt by those who do not understand life's purpose. They become so disillusioned that they stand still in the river and do not take the next leap.
To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals'this alone is worth the struggle.
To have success in your professional life is not so hard. To succeed as a man is more difficult.
To have true success, you need a true desire to help.
To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.
To him who feels himself preordained to contemplation and not to belief, all believers are too noisy and obtrusive; he guards against them.
To infinity and beyond!
To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.
To iterate is human, to recurse divine.
To keep our faces toward change and behave like free spirits in the presence of fate is strength undefeatable.
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
To learn is not to know; there are the learners and the learned. Memory makes the one, philosophy the others.
To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.
Tolerance and celebration of individual differences is the fire that fuels lasting love.
Tolerance is only complacence when it makes no distinction between right and wrong.
Tolerance of intolerance is cowardice.
To level the playing field, I keep a little devil inside of me, but I show god to the world.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
To live a life fulfilled reflect on the things you have with gratitude.
To live a life without success is insignificant. To live a life without loving others is miserable.
To live alone one must be a beast or a god, says Aristotle. Leaving out the third case: one must be both--a philosopher.
To live entirely without a goal! I have glimpsed this state, and have often attained it, without managing to remain there: I am too weak for such happiness.
To live for results would be to sentence myself to continuous frustration. My only sure reward is in my actions and not from them.
To live in any true sense of the word is to reject others; to accept them, one must be able to renounce, to do oneself violence, to act against one's own nature, to weaken oneself; we conceive freedom only for ourselves - we extend it to our neighbours only at the cost of exhausting efforts; whence the precariousness of liberalism, a defiance of our instincts, a brief and miraculous success, a state of exception, at the antipodes of our deepest imperatives.
To live is not to breathe but to act. It is to make use of our organs, our senses, our faculties, of all the parts of ourselves which give us the sentiment of our existence. The man who has lived the most is not he who has counted the most years but he who has most felt life.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
To live is to change, to acquire the words of a story, and that is the only celebration we mortals really know.
To lose a brother is to lose someone with whom you can share the experience of growing old, who is supposed to bring you a sister-in-law and nieces and nephews, creatures who people the tree of your life and give it new branches. To lose your father is to lose the one whose guidance and help you seek, who supports you like a tree trunk supports its branches. To lose your mother, well, that is like losing the sun above you. It is like losing--I'm sorry, I would rather not go on.
To love and be loved is like feeling the sun from both sides.
To love and win is the best thing.
To love is easy, to be in a relationship is extremely difficult.
To love is good, too: love being difficult. For one human being to love another: that is perhaps the most difficult of all our tasks, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation...Love is a high inducement to the individual to ripen, to become something in himself, to become world for himself for another's sake, it is a great exacting claim upon him, something that chooses him out and calls him to vast things.
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.
To lovers there.
To make light of philosophy is to be a true philosopher.
To make real friends you have to put yourself out there. Sometimes people will let you down, but you can't let that stop you. If you get hurt, you just pick yourself up, dust off your feelings, and try again.
To meet at all, one must open ones eyes to another; and there is no true conversation no matter how many words are spoken, unless the eye, unveiled and listening, opens itself to the other.
To me, Fearless is not the absense of fear. It's not being completely unafraid. To me, Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death.
To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick.
To me, when someone wrongs you, you both share the burden of that wrongdoing - the pain of it weighs on both of you. Forgiveness, then, means choosing to bear the full weight all by yourself. Caleb's betrayal is something we both carry, and since he did it, all I've wanted is for him to take its weight away from me. I am not sure that I'm capable of shouldering it all myself - not sure that I am strong enough, or good enough.
Tom felt his darkness. His father was beautiful and clever, his mother was short and mathematically sure. Each of his brothers and sisters had looks or gifts or fortune. Tom loved all of them passionately, but he felt heavy and earth-bound. He climbed ecstatic mountains and floundered in the rocky darkness between the peaks. He had spurts of bravery but they were bracketed in battens of cowardice.
To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow,
Tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it coming
Tomorrow do thy worst, I have lived today.
Tomorrow is a new day; begin it well and serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday.
Tomorrow's a good day for dying.
Too lazy to be ambitious,
Too low they build, who build beneath the stars.
Too many locks, not enough keys.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
Too many people get credit for being good, when they are only being passive. They are too often praised for being broadminded when they are so broadminded they can never make up their minds about anything.
Too many people measure how successful they are by how much money they make or the people that they associate with. In my opinion, true success should be measured by how happy you are.
Too many people realize at the end of their lives that they've taken for granted those who really love them.
Too many people spend too much time trying to perfect something before they actually do it. Instead of waiting for perfection, run with what you go, and fix it along the way...
Too much sanity may be madness -- and maddest of all: to see life as it is, and not as it should be!
Too often children are treated as tradeable commodities in relationships"
Too often, contemporary continental philosophers take the "other" of philosophy to mean literature, but not religion, which is for them just a little too wholly other, a little beyond their much heralded tolerance of alterity. They retain an antagonism to religious texts inherited straight from the Enlightenment, even though they pride themselves on having made the axioms and dogmas of the Enlightenment questionable. But the truth is that contemporary continental philosophy is marked by the language of the call and the response, of the gift, of hospitality to the other, of the widow, the orphan and the stranger, and by the very idea of the "wholly other," a discourse that any with the ears to hear knows has a Scriptural provenance and a Scriptural resonance. ("A Prologue",
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
To oppose something is to maintain it... You must go somewhere else; you must have another goal; then you walk a different road.
To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.
Top 15 Things Money Can't Buy
To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.
To pursue wisdom is to live in such a way that one is prepared to face death when it comes. (247)
To put meaning in one's life may end in madness,
To question reason is to trust it.
To read is to empower,
To recognize untruth as a condition of life--that certainly means resisting accustomed value feelings in a dangerous way; and a philosophy that risks this would by that token alone place itself beyond good and evil.
To rejoice on account of praise is in many cases merely politeness of heart--and the very opposite of vanity of spirit.
To ridicule philosophy is really to philosophize.
To save all we must risk all.
To seduce their neighbour to a favourable opinion, and afterwards to believe implicitly in this opinion of their neighbour--who can do this conjuring trick so well as women?
To see a World in a Grain of Sand
To See What Is Right And Not Do It Is A Lack Of Courage.
To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage.
To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist.
To separate oneself from the burden, the angst, the anguish that we all encounter everyday. To say I am alive, I am wonderful, I am. I am. That is something to aspire to.
To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.
To stay or to go, it amounted to the same thing.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
To study philosophy is nothing but to prepare one's self to die.
To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.
To sum it all up, the Ayn Rand belief system looks like this:
To talk much about oneself may also be a means of concealing oneself.
Total paranoia is just total awareness.
To teach how to live without certainty, and yet without being paralyzed by hesitation, is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can still do for those who study it.
To the extent that in one's act of faith one participates in the truth through reason and heart, faith already implies a particular level of knowledge and of certainty.
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.
To theology, ... only what it holds sacred is true, whereas to philosophy, only what holds true is sacred.
To the optimist, the glass is half full. To the pessimist, the glass is half empty. To the engineer, the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.
To these ideals which were instilled in me when I was a youth, I attribute in a large degree the success that was mine on the bicycle tracks of the world.
TO the States or any one of them, or any city of the States, Resist much, obey little,
To the untutored sage, the concentration of population was the prolific mother of all evils, moral no less than physical. He argued that food is good, while surfeit kills; that love is good, but lust destroys; and not less dreaded than the pestilence following upon crowded and unsanitary dwellings was the loss of spiritual power inseparable from too close contact with one's fellow-men.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
To this day, just always treat people the way you want to be treated. Whether it's family or friends or co-workers, I think it's the most important thing. Whether you have success or don't have it, whether you're a good person is all that matters.
To those who will see, the world waits.
Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
To touch the shores of humanity, become the waves of love.
To touch the soul of another human being is to walk on holy ground.
To Trin Tragula's horror, the shock completely annihilated her brain; but to his satisfaction he realized that he had proved conclusively that if life is going to exist in a Universe of this size, then the one thing it cannot afford to have is a sense of proportion.
To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it.
Tough times don't last, tough people do, remember?
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
Tough times never last. Tough people do
Tourism, human circulation considered as consumption is fundamentally nothing more than the leisure of going to see what has become banal.
To venture into all sorts of situations in which one may not have any sham virtues, where, like the tightrope walker on his rope, one either stands or falls--or gets away.
To vigorous men intimacy is a matter of shame--and something precious.
To win true freeedom you must be a slave to philosophy.
To write is human, to edit is divine.
To write well, express yourself like the common people, but think like a wise man.
Tragedy and adversary are the stones we sharpen our swords against so we can fight new battles.
Training research shows that if you get speed now you can get quality later. But if you don't get speed you will never get quality in the long run.
Travel far enough, you meet yourself.
Traveling around the country, meeting fans and hearing their stories in person and on my radio show has reenergized my commitment to creating honest and inspirational content that not only serves my own creative purposes but can help and touch others as well.
Travel is never a matter of money but of courage
Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.
Treat everyone you meet as if they were you.
Treat failure as a lesson on how not to approach achieving a goal, and then use that learning to improve your chances of success when you try again. Failure is only the end if you decide to stop.
Treat the other man's faith gently; it is all he has to believe with.
Treaty with Tripoli, Art. 11. As the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion;
Trebuie sa te departezi putin de tine ca sa te poti apropia de ceilalti.
Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
True beauty is measured by the number of pearls within you, not those around your neck.
True beauty lies in purity of the heart.
True good fortune is what you make for yourself. Good fortune: good character, good intentions, good actions.
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.
True happiness, we are told, consists in getting out of one's self; but the point is not only to get out - you must stay out; and to stay out you must have some absorbing errand.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
True leaders don't invest in buildings. Jesus never built a building. They invest in people. Why? Because success without a successor is failure. So your legacy should not be in buildings, programs, or projects; your legacy must be in people.
True leadership lies in guiding others to success. In ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well.
True, life is complex. But so are a great many accidents.
True love is boundless like the ocean and, swelling within one, spreads itself out and, crossing all boundaries and frontiers, envelops the whole world.
True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about and few have seen.
True love is not so much a matter of romance as it is a matter of anxious concern for the well-being of one's companion.
True love is only found in the heart.
True luck consists not in holding the best of the cards at the table; luckiest is he who knows just when to rise and go home.
True philosophy must start from the most immediate and comprehensive fact of consciousness: 'I am life that wants to live, in the midst of life that wants to live
True religion is real living; living with all one's soul, with all one's goodness and righteousness.
True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful.
True success, true happiness lies in freedom and fulfillment.
Truly powerful people have great humility. They do not try to impress, they do not try to be influential. They simply are. People are magnetically drawn to them. They are most often very silent and focused, aware of their core selves. ... They never persuade, nor do they use manipulation or aggressiveness to get their way. They listen. If there is anything they can offer to assist you, they offer it; if not, they are silent.
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.
Trust everybody, but cut the cards.
Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go.
Trust men and they will be true to you; treat them greatly and they will show themselves great.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Truth becomes untruth if uttered by your enemy.
Truth builds trust.
Truth does not become more true by virtue of the fact that the entire world agrees with it, nor less so even if the whole world disagrees with it.
Truth has nothing to do with the conclusion, and everything to do with the methodology.
Truth is an illusionary ideal, a structure with a foundation of opinion, garnished by selected facts, eroded over time and rebuilt new every generation.
Truth is, do you know what is true? Or do you just believe without questioning the validity?
Truth is neither ojectivity nor the balanced view; truth is a selfless subjectivity.
Truth is not as pompous and romantic as myth ... but it has the immeasurable value of being the Truth.
Truth may start out timid, but it finishes bold.
Truth never died, False never born.
Truth, says instrumentalism, is what works out, that which does what you expect it to do. The judgment is true when you can "bank" on it and not be disappointed. If, when you predict, or when you follow the lead of your idea or plan, it brings you to the ends sought for in the beginning, your judgment is true. It does not consist in agreement of ideas, or the agreement of ideas with an outside reality; neither is it an eternal something which always is, but it is a name given to ways of thinking which get the thinker where he started. As a railroad ticket is a "true" one when it lands the passenger at the station he sought, so is an idea "true," not when it agrees with something outside, but when it gets the thinker successfully to the end of his intellectual journey.
Truth would quickly cease to be stranger than fiction, once we got as used to it.
Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
Try a little harder to be a little better.
Try a new system or a different approach.
Try for once to justify the meaning of your existence as it were a posteriori by setting yourself an aim, a goal... an exalted and noble 'to this end.' Perish in pursuit of this and only this
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
Try passionately, try hard, try with great care, and try with love.
Try, reach, want, and you may fall. But even if you do, you might be okay anyway.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.
Try to find pleasure in the speed that you're not used to. Changing the way you do routine things allows a new person to grow inside of you. But when all is said and done, you're the one who must decide how you handle it.
Try to look at your weakness and convert it into your strength. That's success.
Try to remember it always," he said once Gogol had reached him, leading him slowly back across the breakwater, to where his mother and Sonia stood waiting. "Remember that you and I made this journey together to a place where there was nowhere left to go.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover.
Two important decisions shall be made by you soon.
Two people should stay together if together they are better people than they would be individually.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I -
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I -- I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Two things fill the mind with ever-increasing wonder and awe, the more often and the more intensely the mind of thought is drawn to them: the starry heavens above me and the moral law within me.
Two times a week, we go to a nice restaurant, a little wine, good food and companionship. She goes Mondays, I go Fridays.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't three lefts make a right? Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't two negatives make a positive?
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
Two years he walks the earth. No phone, no pool, no pets, no cigarettes. Ultimate freedom. An extremist. An aesthetic voyager whose home is the road. Escaped from Atlanta. Thou shalt not return, 'cause "the West is the best." And now after two rambling years comes the final and greatest adventure. The climactic battle to kill the false being within and victoriously conclude the spiritual pilgrimage. Ten days and nights of freight trains and hitchhiking bring him to the Great White North. No longer to be poisoned by civilization he flees, and walks alone upon the land to become lost in the wild.
Typically, if you reward something, you get more of it. You punish something, you get less of it. And our businesses have been built for the last 150 years very much on that kind of motivational scheme.
Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others' success, and then standing back and letting them shine.
Uncertainty is the only certainty there is, and knowing how to live with insecurity is the only security.
Under Adverse conditions - some people break down,some break records
Under heaven all can see beauty as beauty only because there is ugliness. All can know good as good only because there is evil.
Underneath the skin, all humanity are brothers and I would gladly skin humanity alive to prove it.
Under peaceful conditions the militant man attacks himself.
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.
Understanding is the reward of faith. Therefore, seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand.
Understanding why C++ is the way it is helps a programmer use it well. A deep understanding of a tool is essential for an expert craftsman.
Undisturbed calmness of mind is attained by cultivating friendliness toward the happy, compassion for the unhappy, delight in the virtuous, and indifference toward the wicked.
UNDIVIDED
Une philosophie doit etre portative.
Unfortunately for the good sense of mankind, the fact of their fallibility is far from carrying the weight in their practical judgement, which is always allowed to it in theory; for while every one well knows himself to be fallible, few think it necessary to take any precautions against their own fallibility.
Unfortunately, religion often works to shrink and tame the very wild and mysterious forces that first drew our wonder. In the process of making the inexplicable safe for the masses, the possibilities for real illusion-piercing insight becomes reduced. One might say that they are only available to those who dare to ride the breaking crest of direct life-altering experience.
Unhappy memories are persistent. They're specific, and it's the details that refuse to leave us alone. Though a happy memory may stay with you just as long as one that makes you miserable, what you remember softens over time. What you recall is simply that you were happy, not necessarily the individual moments that brought about your joy.
Unheard of means it's only undreamed of yet; Impossible means it's just not yet done.
Unity is a great thing and a great slogan. But what the workers' cause needs is the unity of Marxists, not unity between Marxists, and opponents and distorters of Marxism.
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes... but no plans.
Unless we learn to know ourselves, we run the danger of destroying ourselves.
Untamable is my mind, like a bee.
Until an hour before the Devil fell, God thought him beautiful in Heaven.
Until justice rolls down like water and righteousness like a mighty stream.
Until the day when God shall deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is summed up in these two words,-Wait and hope.
Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We've been using them not because we needed them but because we had them.
Until we see each other again, keep your head together, read some good books, be useful, be happy.
Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.
Until you have suffered much in your heart, you cannot learn humility.
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have.
Until you step into the unknown, you don't know what you're made of.
Until you stop breathing, there's more right with you than wrong with you.
Until you value yourself you will not value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.
Unwind and enjoy a frisky romance.
Un-winged and naked, sorrow surrenders its crown to a throne called grace.
.....................!UOY EVOL I....................
Upon this first, and in one sense this sole, rule of reason, that in order to learn you must desire to learn, and in so desiring not be satisfied with what you already incline to think, there follows one corollary which itself deserves to be inscribed upon every wall of the city of philosophy: Do not block the way of inquiry.
Use your voice to sing the song of love. Use your heart to understand the desires of the universe. Use your eyes to see the beauty of life.
Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.
Usually when people talk about the trickle-down theory, it has to do with economics. The richer people at the top of a society become, supposedly, the more wealth there is to trickle down to the people below. It never really works out that way, of course, because if there are 2 things people at the top can't stand, they have to be leakage and overflow.
Vanity of vanities, says the Preacher,
Veel van wat aanvankelijk alleen in de verbeelding bestaat, wordt werkelijkheid.
'Veni, Vidi, Velcro' - I came, I saw, I stuck around.
'Veni, Vidi, Visa'. I came. I Saw. I did a little shopping.
Versatility is one of your outstanding traits.
Victoria's Secret is not so much of a secret, but rather about a woman feeling feminine.
Victory has a hundred fathers and defeat is an orphan.
Victory has a thousand fathers, but defeat is an orphan.
Violence begins with the fork.
Violence is spiritual junk food, and boredom is spiritual anorexia.
Virtue comes through contemplation of the divine, and the exercise of philosophy. But it also comes through public service. The one is incomplete without the other. Power without wisdom is tyranny; wisdom without power is pointless.
Visible objects therefore do not perish utterly, since nature repairs one thing from another and allows nothing to be born without the aid of another's death.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world.
Visualize this thing that you want, see it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blue print, and begin to build.
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
Vote for the man who promises least; he'll be the least disappointing.
Vulnerability may seem like a weakness, but in truth, it is a strength for being able to show you can be vulnerable, shows you are just human. And being just human is our strength. - STRONG: Powerful Philosophies for Timeless Thoughts.
Wahai, wanita-wanita yang hingga usia tiga puluh, empat puluh, atau lebih dari itu, tapi belum juga menikah (mungkin kerana kekurangan fizikal, tidak ada kesempatan, atau tidak pernah 'terpilih' di dunia yang amat keterlaluan mencintai harta dan penampilan wajah.) Yakinlah, wanita-wanita solehah yang sendiri, namun tetap mengisi hidupnya dengan indah, bersedekah dan berkongsi, berbuat baik dan bersyukur. Kelak di hari akhir sungguh akan menjadi bidadari-bidadari syurga. Dan khabar baik itu pastilah benar, bidadari syurga parasnya cantik luar biasa.
Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought. Useless and disappointing." ~ Sam (Hilary Duff), A Cinderella Story
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.
Wait long enough and people will surprise and impress. When you're pissed off at someone and you're angry at them, you just haven't given them enough time. Just give them a little more time and they almost always will impress you.
Wake up early and tackle the day before it tackles you. Be on offense, not defense.
Wake up. Kick ass. Repeat.
Wake up, Shake up, Make up and Break up; life is all about moving like ant in search of sugar not sand.
Waktu berjalan ke Barat di waktu pagi hari matahari mengikutiku di belakang.
Walk through life with a good heart and you will run with success.
Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it...
Wal-Mart's success strategies and tactics are easy to understand yet hard to duplicate.
Wanderer, your footsteps are the road, and nothing more; wanderer, there is no road, the road is made by walking. By walking one makes the road, and upon glancing behind one sees the path that never will be trod again. Wanderer, there is no road-- Only wakes upon the sea.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are
Want less, live more
Want to keep Christ in Christmas? Feed the hungry, clothe the naked, forgive the guilty, welcome the unwanted, care for the ill, love your enemies, and do unto others as you would have done unto you.
War against a foreign country only happens when the moneyed classes think they are going to profit from it.
War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things: the decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth a war, is much worse. When a people are used as mere human instruments for firing cannon or thrusting bayonets, in the service and for the selfish purposes of a master, such war degrades a people. A war to protect other human beings against tyrannical injustice; a war to give victory to their own ideas of right and good, and which is their own war, carried on for an honest purpose by their free choice, -- is often the means of their regeneration. A man who has nothing which he is willing to fight for, nothing which he cares more about than he does about his personal safety, is a miserable creature who has no chance of being free, unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself. As long as justice and injustice have not terminated their ever-renewing fight for ascendancy in the affairs of mankind, human beings must be willing, when need is, to do battle for the one against the other.
War is peace.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
War is thus divine in itself, since it is a law of the world. War is divine through its consequences of a supernatural nature which are as much general as particular. War is divine in the mysterious glory that surrounds it and in the no less inexplicable attraction that draws us to it. War is divine by the manner in which it breaks out.
War means fighting. The business of the soldier is to fight. Armies are not called out to dig trenches, to throw up breastworks, to live in camps, but to find the enemy and strike him; to invade his country, and do him all possible damage in the shortest possible time. This will involve great destruction of life and property while it lasts; but such a war will of necessity be of brief continuance, and so would be an economy of life and property in the end.
Warriors of light always have a certain gleam in their eyes.
Was I insane? Maybe. But then, there were many different kinds of insanity. Aunt Rose had always taken for granted that the whole world was in a state of constantly fluctuating madness, and that a neurosis was not an illness, but a fact of life, like pimples. Some have more, some have less, but only truly abnormal people have none at all. This commonsense philosophy had consoled me many times before, and it did now, too.
Wasn't that the point of the book? For women to realize, We are just two people. Not that much separates us. Not nearly as much as I'd thought.
Watches are the only jewelry men can wear, unless you're Mr. T.
Watch for the thing that will show itself to you. Because that thing, when you find it, will be your future.
Watch out for owls.
Watch out for the moon.
Water continually dropping will wear hard rocks hollow.
Water everywhere, falling in thundering cataracts, singular drops, and draping sheets. Kellhus paused next to one of the shining braziers, peered beneath the bronze visage that loomed orange and scowling over his father, watched him lean back into absolute shadow.
WATNEY: Look! A pair of boobs! -
Wax on, wax off.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
We all can be only who we are, no more, no less.
We all feign to ourselves that we are simpler than we are, we thus relax ourselves away from our fellows.
We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort.
We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.
We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different.
We all have same beginning (BIRTH), and we will have same ending (DEATH). So how different can we be?
We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize that we only have one.
We all know we're going to die; what's important is the kind of men and women we are in the face of this.
We all learn lessons in life. Some stick, some don't. I have always learned more from rejection and failure than from acceptance and success.
We all live in the same world, but we experience and live undoubtedly different lives.
We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.
We all need to be mocked from time to time, lest we take ourselves too seriously.
We all obviously need others to look up to, and be inspirational to us. Ford did a great job as far as putting the presidency back where it belonged, getting the trust back after Nixon. And President Reagan has been one of the most influential presidents.
We all of us complain of the shortness of time, saith Seneca, and yet have much more than we know what to do with. Our lives, says he, are spent either in doing nothing at all, or in doing nothing to the purpose, or in doing nothing that we ought to do: we are always complaining our days are few, and acting as though there would no end of them."- On the Right Use of Time
We all reach a point that is the limit of our understanding. When we stare over the precipice of uncertainty and into the dark unknown that we cannot explain with hard evidence, that is when we trade understanding for belief. At best, we make an educated guess. At worst, we make blind leaps of faith.
We all romanticize the people we adore.
We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking.
We are afraid of losing what we have, whether it's our life or our possessions and property. But this fear evaporates when we understand that our life stories and the history of the world were written by the same hand.
We are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further.
We are all broken, that's how the light gets in.
We are all dying to give our lives away to something, maybe. God or Satan, politics or grammar, topology or philately (...) To games or needles, to some other person.
We are all equal in the fact that we are all different. We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same. We are united by the reality that all colours and all cultures are distinct
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
We are all in the same boat in a stormy sea, and we owe each other a terrible loyalty.
We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate. The world is all gates, all opportunities.
We are all of us born with a letter inside us, and that only if we are true to ourselves, may we be allowed to read it before we die.
We are all unique in our minds in varied ways. I find pleasure In nature as you find it in alcohol. How then shall I call the other an addict while I myself I am a nature junkie?
We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm.
We are alone. Live our lives, lacking anything better to do. Devise reason later.
We are born and we die. No one cares, no one remembers, and it doesn't matter. This is why we laugh.
We are born into this world unarmed - our mind is our only weapon.
We are citizens of the world. The tragedy of our times is that we do not know this.
We are constantly emphasizing to people that they need to address anything that affects flight safety or mission success - many pathways to do that. We need to understand better what may be preventing people from using those pathways.
We are constantly invited to be what we are.
We are creators, and yet we naively play the role of "the created." We see ourselves as helpless sheep buffeted around by the God who made us. We kneel like frightened children, begging for help, for forgiveness, for good luck. But once we realize that we are truly created in the Creator's image, we will start to understand that we, too, must be Creators. When we understand this fact, the doors will burst wide open for human potential.
We are each gifted in a unique and important way. It is our privilege and our adventure to discover our own special light.
we are finite, in that we are a product and source of the infinite.
We are flawed creatures, all of us. Some of us think that means we should fix our flaws. But get rid of my flaws and there would be no one left.
We are forever one.
We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born. The potential people who could have been here in my place but who will in fact never see the light of day outnumber the sand grains of Arabia. Certainly those unborn ghosts include greater poets than Keats, scientists greater than Newton. We know this because the set of possible people allowed by our DNA so massively exceeds the set of actual people. In the teeth of these stupefying odds it is you and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.We privileged few, who won the lottery of birth against all odds, how dare we whine at our inevitable return to that prior state from which the vast majority have never stirred?
We are here and it is now. The way I see it is, after that, everything tends towards guesswork.
We are here to make another world.
We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.
We are like sculptors, constantly carving out of others the image we long for, need, love or desire, often against reality, against their benefit, and always, in the end, a disappointment, because it does not fit them.
We are limited, not by our abilities, but by our vision.
We are living in the era of premeditation and the perfect crime. Our criminals are no longer helpless children who could plead love as their excuse. On the contrary, they are adults and the have the perfect alibi: philosophy, which can be used for any purpose - even for transforming murderers into judges.
We are most dishonourable towards our God: he is not PERMITTED to sin.
We are never at ease because our minds are always at attention.
We are not helpless...Many times in our lives we've been powerless, but not this night. Right now we have the power to choose the manner in which we die. If you have been a master of nothing else in all your days, you are now a master of this moment. And I for one am going to give such an answer to this insult that others will dearly regret not being by my side to see it!
We are not our own light.
We are not what we are, nor do we treat or esteem each other for such, but for what we are capable of being.
We are often taught to look for the beauty in all things, so in finding it, the layman asks the philosopher while the philosopher asks the photographer.
We are products of our past, but we don't have to be prisoners of it.
We are saved by faith alone, but the faith that saves is never alone.
We are seeds as well as parasites to the earth. We can either give or take, depending on our perception of growth.
We are supposed to call poison medicine and we wonder why we're always sick.
We are taught to consume. And that's what we do. But if we realized that there really is no reason to consume, that it's just a mind set, that it's just an addiction, then we wouldn't be out there stepping on people's hands climbing the corporate ladder of success.
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.
We are the cosmos made conscious and life is the means by which the universe understands itself.
We are the hollow men
We are the inheritors of a wonderful world, a beautiful world, full of life and mystery, goodness and pain. But likewise are we the children of an indifferent universe. We break our own hearts imposing our moral order on what is, by nature, a wide web of chaos.
We are the lucky ones for we shall die, as there is an infinite number of possible forms of DNA all but a few billions of which will never burst into consciousness.
We are the music-makers,
We are the sum of all people we have ever met; you change the tribe and the tribe changes you.
We are the sum of our behaviours; excellence therefore is not an act but a habit.
We are the sum total of the decisions we have made.
We are what we are, neither a good or as bad as others paint us. And what we are doesn't change how truly we feel, only how free we are to follow those feelings.
We are what we believe we are!
We are what we believe we are.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Weariness that wants to reach the ultimate with one leap, with one fatal leap, a poor ignorant weariness that does not want to want any more: this created all gods and afterworlds.
We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, handsome, talented and fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?
We ask ourselves: Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do.
Weather is a purely personal matter. There is no such thing as a climate that is cold or hot, good or bad, healthy or unhealthy. People take it upon themselves to create a fantasy in their imagination and call it weather. There's only one climate in the world, but the message that nature sends is interpreted according to strictly personal, non-transferable rules.
We attribute to ourselves qualities that we do not possess because if we possessed them, our lives would exactly mirror our image of ourselves. Our lies about what is really happening in our lives are what we use to "patch up" our ego with rationalizations and justifications, all of which conceal from us the fact that we cannot really do anything because we have no Being.
We awaken by asking the right questions. We awaken when we see knowledge being spread that goes against our own personal experiences. We awaken when we see popular opinion being wrong but accepted as being right, and what is right being pushed as being wrong. We awaken by seeking answers in corners that are not popular. And we awaken by turning on the light inside when everything outside feels dark.
We become philosophical when our inherited understanding can no longer account for our experience and we are forced to create for ourselves an authentic understanding capable of giving meaning to our experience.
We become so absorbed in our flaws and faults that we forget that it is better to be a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without. To have flaws is beauty in itself, a fact so frightening that we hurry to hide them from sight and tarnish the whole in the process of comparing ourselves to others.
We become what we think about.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret.
We belittle what we cannot bear. We make figments out of fundamentals, all in the name of preserving our own peculiar fancies. The best way to secure one's own deception is to accuse others of deceit.
We came with nothing so we have nothing to lose. We have enough time to feel, experience, and enjoy.
We can change our destiny only by changing our thoughts.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
We can come to look upon the deaths of our enemies with as much regret as we feel for those of our friends, namely, when we miss their existence as witnesses to our success.
We can do no great things - only small things with great love.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
We can never get a re-creation of community and heal our society without giving our citizens a sense of belonging.
We can never know what might have been but what is to come is another matter entirely
We can never, never describe all the features of the total situation, not only because every situation is infinitely complex, but also because the total situation is the universe.
We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it.
We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the hand.
We cannot change what we are not aware of, and once we are aware, we cannot help but change.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
We cannot have a world where everyone is a victim. "I'm this way because my father made me this way. I'm this way because my husband made me this way." Yes, we are indeed formed by traumas that happen to us. But then you must take charge, you must take over, you are responsible.
We cannot listen to one voice above all others. We must listen to a choir of voices if we are to understand the individual tunes.
We cannot see our reflection in running water. It is only in still water that we can.
We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.
We can speak and think only of what exists. And what exists is uncreated and imperishable for it is whole and unchanging and complete. It was not or nor shall be different since it is now, all at once, one and continuous.
We can't avoid reasoning; we can only avoid doing it well.
We can't choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
We carry about us the burden of what thousands of people have said and the memories of all our misfortunes. To abandon all that is to be alone, and the mind that is alone is not only innocent but young -- not in time or age, but young, innocent, alive at whatever age -- and only such a mind can see that which is truth and that which is not measurable by words.
We chart delusions through collective agreement.
We co-create our reality with others in unseen ways.
We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
We convince by our presence.
We could learn a lot from crayons; some are sharp, some are pretty, some are dull, while others bright, some have weird names, but they all have learned to live together in the same box.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world
We crave for new sensations but soon become indifferent to them. The wonders of yesterday are today common occurrences
We crave instant success these days. If you are a really good sprinter and long jumper, you don't want to spend two or three years on a whole new set of events. You're used to doing well and it's difficult to give that up.
We dance round in a ring and suppose,
we deceive ourselves in thinking that death only follows life whereas it both goes before and will follow after it for where is the difference in not beginning or ceasing to exist the effect of both is not to be
We did all the tourist crap, but I just wanted to sit in a cafe and watch people
We do have the brain capacity to be novel and loving souls - we are souls with limitless potential for good, yet we keep saying, it's practically impossible to be limitlessly good - to love someone infinitely - to care for someone beyond conditions.
We do not admire the man of timid peace. We admire the man who embodies victorious effort; the man who never wrongs his neighbor, who is prompt to help a friend, but who has those virile qualities necessary to win in the stern strife of actual life.
We do not celebrate people who have made success out of serious hard work.
We do not create life, we create death.
We do not realise that we are children of eternity. If we did, then success would be no success, and failure would be no failure to us.
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
We do not remember days; we remember moments.
We don't have a divine right to success. So I agree with a lot of politicians out there when they say, 'We've got serious issues.' We do: immigration, infrastructure. I think income inequality's one of them.
We don't know all the truth! We only know all the lies!
We don't like their sound, and guitar music is on the way out.
We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.
We don't need a list of rights and wrongs, tables of dos and don'ts: we need books, time, and silence.
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
We don't truly appreciate what we have until it's gone... We don't really appreciate something until we have experienced some events; we don't really appreciate our parents until we ourselves have become parents. Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted.
We do the same when awake as when dreaming: we only invent and imagine him with whom we have intercourse--and forget it immediately.
We each have within ourselves the ability to shape our own destinies. That much we understand. But, more important, each of us has an equal ability to shape the destiny of the universe. Ah, that you find more difficult to believe. But I tell you it is so. You do not have to be the leader of the Council. You do not have to be king or monarch or the head of a clan to have a significant impact on the world around you.
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.
Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless.
We fall forward to succeed.
We feel most alive when we are closest to death.
We feel that even if all possible scientific questions be answered, the problems of life have still not been touched at all.
We find meaning of life not in splendor, we find it when we get lost in each other.
We follow the ways of wolves, the habits of tigers: or, rather we are worse than they. To them nature has assigned that they should be thus fed, while God has honoured us with rational speech and a sense of equity. And yet we are become worse than the wild beast.
We forfeit three-fourths of ourselves in order to be like other people.
We forget that every good that is worth possessing must be paid for in strokes of daily effort. We postpone and postpone, until those smiling possibilities are dead.
We Generate Fears While We Sit. We Overcome Them By Action.
We Greeks believe that a man who takes no part in public affairs is not merely lazy, but good for nothing
We grown-up people think that we appreciate music, but if we realized the sense that an infant has brought with it of appreciating sound and rhythm, we would never boast of knowing music. The infant is music itself.
We had the experience but missed the meaning. And approach to the meaning restores the experience in a different form.
We have all forgotten what we really are. All that we call common sense and rationality and practicality and positivism only means that for certain dead levels of our life we forget that we have forgotten. All that we call spirit and art and ecstasy only means that for one awful instant we remember that we forget.
We have all known the long loneliness and we have learned that the only solution is love and that love comes with community.
We have been called to heal wounds, to unite what has fallen apart, and to bring home those who have lost their way.
We have come from God, and inevitably the myths woven by us, though they contain error, will also reflect a splintered fragment of the true light, the eternal truth that is with God. Indeed only by myth-making, only by becoming 'sub-creator' and inventing stories, can Man aspire to the state of perfection that he knew before the Fall. Our myths may be misguided, but they steer however shakily towards the true harbour, while materialistic 'progress' leads only to a yawning abyss and the Iron Crown of the power of evil.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
We have enough youth, how about a fountain of Smart?
We have it in our power to begin the world over again.
We have it in our power to change the world over.
We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.
We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men.
We have the finest politicians that money can buy.
We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.
We have to create culture, don't watch TV, don't read magazines, don't even listen to NPR. Create your own roadshow. The nexus of space and time where you are now is the most immediate sector of your universe, and if you're worrying about Michael Jackson or Bill Clinton or somebody else, then you are disempowered, you're giving it all away to icons, icons which are maintained by an electronic media so that you want to dress like X or have lips like Y. This is shit-brained, this kind of thinking. That is all cultural diversion, and what is real is you and your friends and your associations, your highs, your orgasms, your hopes, your plans, your fears. And we are told 'no', we're unimportant, we're peripheral. 'Get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that.' And then you're a player, you don't want to even play in that game. You want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world.
We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.
We have to pray with our eyes on God, not on the difficulties.
We help people to begin truly healthful diets, and it is absolutely wonderful to see, not only their success, but also their delight at their ability to break old habits and feel really healthy for a change.
We hold the future still timidly, but perceive it for the first time as a function of our own action.
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
We humans do not understand compassion. In each moment of our lives, we betray it. Aye, we know of its worth, yet in knowing we then attach to it a value, we guard the giving of it, believing it must be earned, T'lan Imass. Compassion is priceless in the truest sense of the wold. It must be given freely. In abundance.
We in our age are faced with a strange paradox. Never before have we had so much information in bits and pieces flooded upon us by radio and television and satellite, yet never before have we had so little inner certainty about our own being. The more objective truth increases, the more our inner certitude decreases. Our fantastically increased technical power, and each forward step in technology is experienced by many as a new push toward our possible annihilation. Nietzsche was strangely prophetic when he said,
We join spokes together in a wheel,
We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have already done.
We just don't make and sell food.
We just want to win. That's the bottom line. I think a lot of times people may become content with one championship or a little bit of success, but we don't really reflect on what we've done in the past. We focus on the present.
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
We kill, kill, kill. Flesh, spirit, whatever gets in our way. It's like our whole purpose is to extinguish life. And for those who live, there's memory, like a curse. We're such a mixture of frailty and cruelty.
We know from research that growth is actually contagious, so if you want to reach your goals, you've got to get around people that are going in the same direction you want to be going, and you will catch the success.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
We lay there and looked up at the night sky and she told me about stars called blue squares and red swirls and I told her I'd never heard of them. Of course not, she said, the really important stuff they never tell you. You have to imagine it on your own.
We learned about gratitude and humility - that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean... and we were taught to value everyone's contribution and treat everyone with respect.
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square.
We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself.
We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success; we often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do; and probably he who never make a mistake never made a discovery.
We live in a stocking which is in the process of being turned inside out, without our ever knowing for sure to what phase of the process our moment of consciousness corresponds.
We live in a world of constant juxtaposition between joy that's possible and pain that's all too common. We hope for love and success and abundance, but we never quite forget that there is always lurking the possibility of disaster.
We live in deeds not years In thoughts not breaths In feelings not figures on a dial. We should count time by heart throbs. He most lives who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best.
We live in the kind of society where, in almost all cases, hard work is rewarded.
We live out our lives as we are meant to live them-with some choice, with some chance, but mostly as a result of the persons we are.
We live such tangled, fraught lives, he thought, but in the end we die like all the other animals and we're buried in the ground and after a few years we might as well not have existed.
We'll always have Paris.
Well-behaved women seldom make history.
Well, certainly one of the ironies of the success of affirmative action is that the middle class within the black community no longer lives within 'black community' by and large.
Well done is better than well said.
Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,
Well, I must endure the presence of a few caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies.
Well I think any author or musician is anxious to have legitimate sales of their products, partly so they're rewarded for their success, partly so they can go on and do new things.
Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.
Well, now
Well, the idea is that failure is an inevitable partner on the road to success and, if you're not willing to confront failure, you can never find out how good you are.
Well, we all make mistakes, dear, so just put it behind you. We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.
Well, you would have to say what is the criteria to determine the success of any merger? It would have to be that the companies are stronger financially, that they took market share, and they are on a very steady footing in terms of their performance.
We look for the Secret - the Philosopher's Stone, the Elixir of the Wise, Supreme Enlightenment, 'God' or whatever...and all the time it is carrying us about...It is the human nervous system itself.
We love ourselves notwithstanding our faults, and we ought to love our friends in like manner.
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment.
We make versions, and true versions make worlds.
We may be living past and future lives at the same time we are living this one.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now.
We may not yet know the right way to go, but we should at least stop going in the wrong direction.
We may run, walk, stumble. drive, or fly, but let us never lose sight of the reason for the journey, or miss a chance to see a rainbow on the way.
We meet no ordinary people in our lives.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.
We must balance conspicuous consumption with conscious capitalism.
We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained.
We must be very careful when we give advice to younger people: sometimes they follow it!
We must be willing to get rid of the life we've planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
We must have a new mythology, but it must place itself at the service of ideas, it must become a mythology of reason. Mythology must become philosophical, so that the people may become rational, and philosophy must become mythological, so that philosophers may become sensible. If we do not give ideas a form that is aesthetic, i.e., mythological, they will hold no interest for people.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
We must live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
We must never be afraid to go too far, for success lies just beyond.
We must not, in trying to think about how we can make a big difference, ignore the small daily differences we can make which, over time, add up to big differences that we often cannot foresee.
We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light.
We must think beyond ourselves
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success.
We need to accept that the commandments of God aren't just a long list of good ideas. They aren't 'life hacks' from an Internet blog or motivational quotes from a Pinterest board.
We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes - understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success.
We need to help people to discover the true meaning of love. Love is generally confused with dependence. Those of us who have grown in true love know that we can love only in proportion to our capacity for independence.
We need to walk to know sacred places, those around us and those within. We need to walk to remember the songs.
We never know how high we are till we are called to rise. Then if we are true to form our statures touch the skies.
We never know the quality of someone else's life, though we seldom resist the temptation to assume and pass judgement.
We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own.
We never really do anything except talk about what we do.
We often think of peace as the absence of war, that if powerful countries would reduce their weapon arsenals, we could have peace. But if we look deeply into the weapons, we see our own minds- our own prejudices, fears and ignorance. Even if we transport all the bombs to the moon, the roots of war and the roots of bombs are still there, in our hearts and minds, and sooner or later we will make new bombs. To work for peace is to uproot war from ourselves and from the hearts of men and women. To prepare for war, to give millions of men and women the opportunity to practice killing day and night in their hearts, is to plant millions of seeds of violence, anger, frustration, and fear that will be passed on for generations to come.
We ought to walk through the rooms of our lives not looking for flaws, but looking for potential.
We pencil-sketch our previous life so we can contrast it to the technicolor of the moment.
We plant seeds that will flower as results in our lives, so best to remove the weeds of anger, avarice, envy and doubt, that peace and abundance may manifest for all.
We played for about half an hour before I realized we were actually playing two different games. What I'd thought of as ludo was actually a game called gin rummy, and what Warren was playing seemed to be a mixture of craps and table tennis. Once we started playing by one consistent set of rules, though, the fun was really over.
We reached a high point in my opinion with the passage of the civil rights legislation and Martin Luther King's success and the crusade of others. I think we kind of breathed a sigh of relief as if we had achieved the end of racial discrimination or white supremacy.
We're all seeking that special person who is right for us. But if you've been through enough relationships, you begin to suspect there's no right person, just different flavors of wrong. Why is this? Because you yourself are wrong in some way, and you seek out partners who are wrong in some complementary way. But it takes a lot of living to grow fully into your own wrongness. And it isn't until you finally run up against your deepest demons, your unsolvable problems--the ones that make you truly who you are--that we're ready to find a lifelong mate. Only then do you finally know what you're looking for. You're looking for the wrong person. But not just any wrong person: it's got to be the right wrong person--someone you lovingly gaze upon and think, "This is the problem I want to have."
Were a man to be totally deprived of memory, he would be incapable of forming any just opinion; everything about him would seem a chaos: he would have even his own history to ask from every one; and by not knowing how the world went in his absence, he would be at a loss to know how it ought to go on when he recovered, or rather, returned to it again. In like manner, though in a less degree, a too great inattention to past occurrences retards and bewilders our judgment in everything; while, on the contrary, by comparing what is past with what is present, we frequently hit on the true character of both, and become wise with very little trouble.
We're born with success. It is only others who point out our failures, and what they attribute to us as failure.
We're built of contradictions, all of us. It's those opposing forces that give us strength, like an arch, each block pressing the next. Give me a man whose parts are all aligned in agreement and I'll show you madness. We walk a narrow path, insanity to each side. A man without contradictions to balance him will soon veer off.
We're called to be faithful, to take those first difficult steps--and to leave the results up to God.
We're constantly being told what other people think we are, and that's why it is so important to know yourself.
We're constantly striving for success, fame and comfort when all we really need to be happy is someone or some thing to be enthusiastic about.
We're here, and then we're gone, and it's not about the time we're here, but what we do with the time.
We're here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
Were I a Roman Catholic, perhaps I should on this occasion vow to build a chapel to some saint, but as I am not, if I were to vow at all, it should be to build a light-house.
We're in a situation where talented, motivated school leavers and graduates can send off a hundred CVs and not get a reply, and where a trip to the Job Centre is depressing rather than inspirational. And you know what, that just feels wrong.
Were it not for hope the heart would break.
Were knowledge all, what were our need
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.
We remember what we learn when we care about performing better and when we believe that what we have been asked to do is representative of reality.
We're miserable because we think that we are mere individuals, alone with our fears and flaws and resentment and mortality.
We're not afraid of risking what was our success yesterday in order to explore some new field. We're adventurous. We like the challenge of unknown territory, unknown artistic field, and that's what stimulates us.
We're on a planet, relax!
We're so engaged in doing things to achieve purposes of outer value that we forget the inner value, the rapture that is associated with being alive, is what it is all about.
We're so self-important. So arrogant. Everybody's going to save something now. Save the trees, save the bees, save the whales, save the snails. And the supreme arrogance? Save the planet! Are these people kidding? Save the planet? We don't even know how to take care of ourselves; we haven't learned how to care for one another. We're gonna save the fuckin' planet? . . . And, by the way, there's nothing wrong with the planet in the first place. The planet is fine. The people are fucked! Compared with the people, the planet is doin' great. It's been here over four billion years . . . The planet isn't goin' anywhere, folks. We are! We're goin' away. Pack your shit, we're goin' away. And we won't leave much of a trace. Thank God for that. Nothing left. Maybe a little Styrofoam. The planet will be here, and we'll be gone. Another failed mutation; another closed-end biological mistake.
Were these boys in their right minds? Here were two boys with good intellect, one eighteen and one nineteen. They had all the prospects that life could hold out for any of the young; one a graduate of Chicago and another of Ann Arbor; one who had passed his examination for the Harvard Law School and was about to take a trip in Europe,--another who had passed at Ann Arbor, the youngest in his class, with three thousand dollars in the bank. Boys who never knew what it was to want a dollar; boys who could reach any position that was to boys of that kind to reach; boys of distinguished and honorable families, families of wealth and position, with all the world before them. And they gave it all up for nothing, for nothing! They took a little companion of one of them, on a crowded street, and killed him, for nothing, and sacrificed everything that could be of value in human life upon the crazy scheme of a couple of immature lads.
...we're told by TV and Reader's Digest that a crisis will trigger massive personal change--and that those big changes will make the pain worthwhile. But from what he could see, big change almost never happens. People simply feel lost. They have no idea what to say or do or feel or think. they become messes and tend to remain messes.
Were we incapable of empathy -- of putting ourselves in the position of others and seeing that their suffering is like our own -- then ethical reasoning would lead nowhere. If emotion without reason is blind, then reason without emotion is impotent.
We rich nations, for that is what we are, have an obligation not only to the poor nations, but to all the grandchildren of the world, rich and poor.
We rise by lifting others.
We see a lot of feature-driven product design in which the cost of features is not properly accounted. Features can have a negative value to customers because they make the products more difficult to understand and use. We are finding that people like products that just work. It turns out that designs that just work are much harder to produce that designs that assemble long lists of features.
We seem to inhabit a universe made up of a small number of elements-particles-bits that swirl in chaotic clouds, occasionally clustering together in geometrically logical temporary configurations.
We shall find peace. We shall hear angels. We shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it - and stop there; lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot stove-lid. She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again, and that is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one anymore.
We should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time: premature optimization is the root of all evil.
We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged
We should measure welfare's success by how many people leave welfare, not by how many are added.
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.
We shouldn't teach great books; we should teach a love of reading.
We sing inspirational songs, songs of praise and worship, and about how good and how big God is. We are magnifying the Lord.
We sinned for no reason but an incomprehensible lack of love, and He saved us for no reason but an incomprehensible excess of love.
We...sin not because we want what is evil, but because we want what isn't good enough.
We spend money that we do not have, on things we do not need, to impress people who do not care.
We stood there, looking at each other, saying nothing. But it was the kind of nothing that meant everything. In his eyes, there was no trace of what had happened between us earlier and I could feel something inside me break.
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have.
We tend to seek easy, single-factor explanations of success. For most important things, though, success actually requires avoiding many separate causes of failure.
We think you'll find that every woman in her heart of hearts longs for three things: to be romanced, to play an irreplaceable role in a great adventure, and to unveil beauty. That's what makes a woman come alive.
We travel, initially, to lose ourselves; and we travel, next to find ourselves. We travel to open our hearts and eyes and learn more about the world than our newspapers will accommodate. We travel to bring what little we can, in our ignorance and knowledge, to those parts of the globe whose riches are differently dispersed. And we travel, in essence, to become young fools again- to slow time down and get taken in, and fall in love once more.
We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.
We've all started to put down the virtues of the other factions in the process of bolstering our own. I don't want to do that. I want to be brave, and selfless, and smart, and kind, and honest." He clears his throat. "I continually struggle with kindness.
We've been surrounded by images of space our whole lives, from the speculative images of science fiction to the inspirational visions of artists to the increasingly beautiful pictures made possible by complex technologies. But whilst we have an overwhelmingly vivid visual understanding of space, we have no sense of what space sounds like.
We've had great successes, but our future is not about our past success. It's going to be about whether we will invent things that are really going to drive our future.
We've removed the ceiling above our dreams. There are no more impossible dreams.
We've stayed really normal and down to Earth I think, and haven't let the success thing go to our head.
We were all born with a certain degree of power. The key to success is discovering this innate power and using it daily to deal with whatever challenges come our way.
We were taught to respect everyone, especially those who were older and wiser than we were from whom we could learn.
We will never become a truly paper-less society until the Palm Pilot folks come out with WipeMe 1.0.
We would often be sorry if our wishes came true.
We youths say "like" all the time because we mistrust reality.
What
What about you, Snipes?" Dunbar asked. "You think there to be mountain lions up here or is it just folks' imaginings?"
What affects one in a major way, affects all in a minor way.
What? A great man? I always see merely the play-actor of his own ideal.
What a large volume of adventures may be grasped within the span of his little life by him who interests his heart in everything.
What a lover's heart knows let no man's brain dispute.
What a person IS begins to betray itself when his talent decreases,--when he ceases to show what he CAN do. Talent is also an adornment; an adornment is also a concealment.
What are we doing to each other? Because I know that I am doing to him exactly what he is doing to me. We are sometimes so happy, and never in our lives have we known more unhappiness.
What are you going to do with your life?" In one way or another it seemed that people had been asking her this forever; teachers, her parents, friends at three in the morning, but the question had never seemed this pressing and still she was no nearer an answer... "Live each day as if it's your last', that was the conventional advice, but really, who had the energy for that? What if it rained or you felt a bit glandy? It just wasn't practical. Better by far to be good and courageous and bold and to make difference. Not change the world exactly, but the bit around you. Cherish your friends, stay true to your principles, live passionately and fully and well. Experience new things. Love and be loved, if you ever get the chance.
What a silly thing love is!' said the student as he walked away. 'It is not half as useful as logic, for it does not prove anything, and it is always telling one of things that are not going to happen, and making one believe things that are not true. In fact, it is quite unpractical, and, as in this age to be practical is everything, I shall go back to philosophy and study metaphysics.'
What a waste my life would be without all the beautiful mistakes I've made.
What a wonderful life I've had! I only wish I'd realized it sooner.
What can oppose the decline of the west is not a resurrected culture but the utopia that is silently contained in the image of its decline.
What comes, is called.
What did you do?" I mumble. He is just a few feet away from me now, but not close enough to hear me. As he passes me he stretches out his hand. He wraps it around my palm and squeezes. Squeezes, then lets go. His eyes are bloodshot; he is pale. "What did you do?" This time the question tears from my throat like a growl. I throw myself toward him, struggling against Peter's grip, though his hands chafe. "What did you do?" I scream. "You die, I die too" Tobias looks over his shoulder at me. "I asked you not to do this. You made your decision. These are the repercussions.
What does it matter if I remain right. I am much too right. And he who laughs best today will also laugh last.
What does it matter where my body happens to be?' he said. 'My mind goes on working all the same.
What do the French do with the rest of the frog?
What do they know of cricket who only cricket know?
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
What drew me towards team sport were the camaraderie and friendship. The chance to celebrate victory and success with a group of other people is something I have enjoyed doing.
What drives success, and the most successful students, is internal motivation.
What ever beauty may be, it has for its basis order, and for its essence unity.
Whatever comes," she said, "cannot alter one thing. If I am a princess in rags and tatters, I can be a princess inside. It would be easy to be a princess if I were dressed in cloth of gold, but it is a great deal more of a triumph to be one all the time when no one knows it.
Whatever I learned,
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.
Whatever it is you're seeking won't come in the form you're expecting.
Whatever obstacle comes your way, you gotta be prepared to jump over it! And I think that's what separates the legends from the regular artists. It's all in how you manage that success, and how you deal with the controversy when it actually comes.
Whatever one man does, it is as if all men did it. For that reason, it is not unfair that one disobedience in a garden should contaminate all humanity; for that reason it is not unjust that the crucifixion of a single Jew should be sufficient to save it.
Whatever ought to be, can be.
Whatever success I may have attained is due to the fact that since I was old enough to work at all, my ambition has never deserted me.
Whatever success I've had, I always like to top it.
Whatever their future, at the dawn of their lives, men seek a noble vision of man's nature and of life's potential.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it. Always work with it, not against it.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it.
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it.
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.
Whatever you do to gain success, you have to hang in there and hope good things happen. Always think positive.
Whatever you do, you need courage. Whatever course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires some of the same courage that a soldier needs. Peace has its victories, but it takes brave men and women to win them.
Whatever you fight, you strengthen, and what you resist, persists.
Whatever you see you gotta keep a sense of humor; you gotta be able to smile through all the bullshit.
Whatever you think, be sure it is what you think; whatever you want, be sure that is what you want; whatever you feel, be sure that is what you feel.
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass!
Whatever you want in life, other people are going to want it too. Believe in yourself enough to accept the idea that you have an equal right to it.
What fire does not destroy, it hardens
What first we find impossible, we later deem unlikely, and eventually accept as inevitable.
What fools are those who spend their time constructing defenses against things there are no defenses for.
What greater thing is there for human souls than to feel that they are joined for life - to be with each other in silent unspeakable memories.
What great philosophers do for us is not to hand out such an all-purpose system. It is to light up and clarify some special aspect of life, to supply conceptual tools which will do a certain necessary kind of work. Wide though that area of work may be, it is never the whole, and all ideas lose their proper power when they are used out of their appropriate context. That is why one great philosopher does not necessarily displace another, why there is room for all of them and a great many more whom we do not have yet.
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.
What hurts us is what heals us
What if, at this very moment, you are living up to your full potential?
What if I mess up?"
What if nobody showed up at Armageddon?
What if one were to want to hunt for these hidden presences? You can't just rummage around like you're at a yard sale. You have to listen. You have to pay attention. There are certain things you can't look at directly. You need to trick them into revealing themselves. That's what we're doing with Walter, Jaz. We're juxtaposing things, listening for echoes. It's not some silly cybernetic dream of command and control, modeling the whole world so you can predict the outcome. It's certainly not a theory of everything. I don't have a theory of any kind. What I have is far more profound.'
What if she's all I give you in this life of ours, my love?" she asked quietly.
What if the kid you bullied at school, grew up, and turned out to be the only surgeon who could save your life?
What I have done is to show that it is possible for the way the universe began to be determined by the laws of science. In that case, it would not be necessary to appeal to God to decide how the universe began. This doesn't prove that there is no God, only that God is not necessary.
What I have in common with the character in 'Truman' is this incredible need to please people. I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started.
What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.
What information consumes is rather obvious: it consumes the attention of its recipients. Hence a wealth of information creates a poverty of attention, and a need to allocate that attention efficiently among the overabundance of information sources that might consume it.
What is a committee? A group of the unwilling, picked from the unfit, to do the unnecessary.
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.
What is defeat? Nothing but education; nothing but the first step to something better.
What is demanded of man is not, as some existential philosophers teach, to endure the meaninglessness of life, but rather to bear his incapacity to grasp its unconditional meaningfulness in rational terms.
What is done out of love always takes place beyond good and evil.
What is existence for but to be laughed at if men in their twenties have already attained the utmost?
What is food to one man is bitter poison to others
What is grander than a country and more valuable than gold? Strength of heart.
What is harder than rock, or softer than water? Yet soft water hollows out hard rock. Persevere.
What is humor?' one of their professors had posed, and he had answered, ''nondangerous, unexpectedly inappropriate juxtaposition.
What is in mind is a sort of Chautauqua...that's the only name I can think of for it...like the traveling tent-show Chautauquas that used to move across America, this America, the one that we are now in, an old-time series of popular talks intended to edify and entertain, improve the mind and bring culture and enlightenment to the ears and thoughts of the hearer. The Chautauquas were pushed aside by faster-paced radio, movies and TV, and it seems to me the change was not entirely an improvement. Perhaps because of these changes the stream of national consciousness moves faster now, and is broader, but it seems to run less deep. The old channels cannot contain it and in its search for new ones there seems to be growing havoc and destruction along its banks. In this Chautauqua I would like not to cut any new channels of consciousness but simply dig deeper into old ones that have become silted in with the debris of thoughts grown stale and platitudes too often repeated. "What's new?" is an interesting and broadening eternal question, but one which, if pursued exclusively, results only in an endless parade of trivia and fashion, the silt of tomorrow. I would like, instead, to be concerned with the question "What is best?," a question which cuts deeply rather than broadly, a question whose answers tend to move the silt downstream. There are eras of human history in which the channels of thought have been too deeply cut and no change was possible, and nothing new ever happened, and "best" was a matter of dogma, but that is not the situation now. Now the stream of our common consciousness seems to be obliterating its own banks, losing its central direction and purpose, flooding the lowlands, disconnecting and isolating the highlands and to no particular purpose other than the wasteful fulfillment of its own internal momentum. Some channel deepening seems called for.
What is left when honor is lost?
What? Is man merely a mistake of God's? Or God merely a mistake of man's?
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
What is now proved was once only imagined.
What is she to you anyway?"
What is so often said about the solders of the 20th century is that they fought to make us free. Which is a wonderful sentiment and one witch should evoke tremendous gratitude if in fact there was a shred of truth in that statement but, it's not true. It's not even close to true in fact it's the opposite of truth.
What is success? I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.
What is success? It is a toy balloon among children armed with pins.
What I stand for is what I stand on.
What is this slow blue dream of living,
What is truth?
What i took away from witnessing the broken climbers in Moshi was this: *Everything is easy until it isn't.*
What I've realized is that life doesn't count for much unless you're willing to do your small part to leave our children -- all of our children -- a better world. Any fool can have a child. That doesn't make you a father. It's the courage to raise a child that makes you a father.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.
What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...
What makes you so special?
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him.
What man needs is not just the persistent posing of ultimate questions, but the sense of what is feasible, what is possible, what is correct, here and now. The philosopher, of all people, must, I think, be aware of the tension between what he claims to achieve and the reality in which he finds himself.
What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives.
What matters creative endless toil, When, at a snatch, oblivion ends the coil?
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
What, more realistically, is this "mutation," the "new man"? He is the rootless man, discontinuous with a past that Nihilism has destroyed, the raw material of every demagogue's dream; the "free-thinker" and skeptic, closed only to the truth but "open" to each new intellectual fashion because he himself has no intellectual foundation; the "seeker" after some "new revelation," ready to believe anything new because true faith has been annihilated in him; the planner and experimenter, worshipping "fact" because he has abandoned truth, seeing the world as a vast laboratory in which he is free to determine what is "possible"; the autonomous man, pretending to the humility of only asking his "rights," yet full of the pride that expects everything to be given him in a world where nothing is authoritatively forbidden; the man of the moment, without conscience or values and thus at the mercy of the strongest "stimulus"; the "rebel," hating all restraint and authority because he himself is his own and only god; the "mass man," this new barbarian, thoroughly "reduced" and "simplified" and capable of only the most elementary ideas, yet scornful of anyone who presumes to point out the higher things or the real complexity of life.
What moves men of genius, or rather what inspires their work, is not new ideas, but their obsession with the idea that what has already been said is still not enough.
What never fails inside the mind of an intellectual never works outside the confines of his head. The world's stubborn refusal to vindicate the intellectual's theories serves as proof of humanity's irrationality, not his own. Thus, the true believer retrenches rather than rethinks; he launches a war on the world, denying reality because it fails to conform to his theories. If intellectuals are not prepared to reconcile theory and practice, then why do they bother to venture outside the ivory tower or the coffeehouse? Why not stay in the world of abstractions and fantasy?
What one generation finds ridiculous, the next accepts; and the third shudders when it looks back on what the first did.
What other people think and say about you is none of your business. The most destructive thing you would ever do is to believe someone else's opinion of you. You have to stop letting other people's opinions control you.
What other people think of me is none of my business.
What really frightens and dismays us is not external events themselves, but the way in which we think about them. It is not things that disturb us, but our interpretation of their significance.
What saves a man is to take a step. Then another step.
What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It's okay to look back to see how far you've come but keep moving forward.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
What sets us apart from animals is that we're not afraid of vacuum cleaners.
What she had long believed was not true, and now the world was wide open to discover what was.
What should young people do with their lives today? Many things, obviously. But the most daring thing is to create stable communities in which the terrible disease of loneliness can be cured.
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
What's most important in a friendship? Tolerance and loyalty.
Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.
whatsoever is, is in God, and without God nothing can be, or be conceived
What's on my playlist when I'm fighting is not so much hip-hop. Sometimes, it's something more inspirational. I get a chance to think about what I'm fighting for, like, my family. It takes me to that state because a lot of times, it's a spiritual warfare for me.
What sort of philosophers are we, who know absolutely nothing of the origin and destiny of cats?
What's terrible is to pretend that second-rate is first-rate. To pretend that you don't need love when you do; or you like your work when you know quite well you're capable of better.
What's the good of living if you don't try a few things?
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable.
What's the survival value of obsessing on a sunset?
What's the use of complaining about something you have no intentions of changing it?
What's the world's greatest lie?... It's this: that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate.
What's unnatural is homophobia. Homo sapiens is the only species in all of nature that responds with hate to homosexuality.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.
What the society thinks is of no interest to me. All that's important is how I see myself. I know who who I am. I know the value of my work.
What the soul hardly realizes is that, unbeliever or not, his loneliness is really a homesickness for God.
What they have done in Japan, which I find so inspirational, is they've brought the toilet out from behind the locked door. They've made it conversational. People go out and upgrade their toilet. They talk about it. They've sanitized it.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
What we cannot bear removes us from life; what remains can be borne.
What we do not confront, we inhabit.
What we do see depends mainly on what we look for. ... In the same field the farmer will notice the crop, the geologists the fossils, botanists the flowers, artists the colouring, sportmen the cover for the game. Though we may all look at the same things, it does not all follow that we should see them.
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us; what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal.
What we have forgotten is that thoughts and words are conventions, and that it is fatal to take conventions too seriously. A convention is a social convenience, as, for example, money ... but it is absurd to take money too seriously, to confuse it with real wealth ... In somewhat the same way, thoughts, ideas and words are "coins" for real things.
What we hope ever to do with ease, we must learn first to do with diligence.
What we hope to do with ease, we must first learn to do with diligence.
What we love determines what we seek. What we seek determines what we think and do. What we think and do determines who we are -- and who we will become.
What we must decide is how we are valuable rather than how valuable we are.
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.
What were once only hopes for the future have now come to pass; it is almost exactly 13 years since the overwhelming majority of people in Ireland and Northern Ireland voted in favour of the agreement signed on Good Friday 1998, paving the way for Northern Ireland to become the exciting and inspirational place that it is today.
What we see is mainly what we look for.
What we think, we become.
What we've got here is a failure to communicate.
What would come, would come...and you would have to meet it, when it did.
What would have become of Hercules do you think if there had been no lion, hydra, stag or boar - and no savage criminals to rid the world of? What would he have done in the absence of such challenges?
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
What would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail?
What would you do if you weren't afraid?
What would you do if you weren't afraid.
What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God.
What you are is what you have been. What you'll be is what you do now.
What you do is what matters, not what you think or say or plan.
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.
What you do matters -- but not much. What you
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
What you do today is important, because you are exchanging a day of your life for it.
What? You elected virtue and the swelled bosom and yet you leer enviously at the advantages of those without qualms? But virtue involves renouncing "advantages." (Inscription for an anti-Semite's door.)
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
What you have to decide... is how you want your life to be. If your forever was ending tomorrow, would this be how you'd want to have spent it? Listen, the truth is, nothing is guaranteed. You know that more than anybody. So dont be afraid. Be alive.
What You Lack In Talent Can Be Made Up With Desire, Hustle And Giving 110% All The Time.
... what you learn today, for no reason at all, will help you discover all the wonderful secrets of tomorrow.
What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain.
What? You search? You would multiply yourself by ten, by a hundred? You seek followers? Seek zeros!
What you stay focused on will grow.
When a fixed code of laws, which must be observed to the letter, leaves no further care to the judge than to examine the acts of citizens and to decide whether or not they conform to the law as written; then the standard of the just or the unjust, which is to be the norm of conduct for the ignorant as well as for the philosophic citizen, is not a matter of controversy but of fact; then only are citizens not subject to the petty tyrannies of the many which are the more cruel as the distance between the oppressed and the oppressor is less, and which are far more fatal than those of a single man, for the despotism of many can only be corrected by the despotism of one; the cruelty of a single despot is proportioned, not to his might, but to the obstacles he encounters.
When a good man is hurt, all who would be called good must suffer with him.
when a language dies, a way of understanding the world dies with it, a way of looking at the world.
When all else fails, read the instructions.
When all the original blues guys are gone, you start to realize that someone has to tend to the tradition. I recognize that I have some responsibility to keep the music alive, and it's a pretty honorable position to be in.
When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
When a man learns to love, he must bear the risk of hatred.
When a man sees you are happy with him but you can be just as happy having nothing to do with him, that's when he won't want to leave your side. When you are happy, you are sexy.
When another blames you or hates you, or people voice similar criticisms, go to their souls, penetrate inside and see what sort of people they are. You will realize that there is no need to be racked with anxiety that they should hold any particular opinion about you.
When any person harms you, or speaks badly of you, remember that he acts or speaks from a supposition of its being his duty. Now, it is not possible that he should follow what appears right to you, but what appears so to himself. Therefore, if he judges from a wrong appearance, he is the person hurt, since he too is the person deceived. For if anyone should suppose a true proposition to be false, the proposition is not hurt, but he who is deceived about it. Setting out, then, from these principles, you will meekly bear a person who reviles you, for you will say upon every occasion, "It seemed so to him."
When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away.
When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.
When a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
When a woman has scholarly inclinations there is generally something wrong with her sexual nature. Barrenness itself conduces to a certain virility of taste; man, indeed, if I may say so, is "the barren animal."
When a youth was giving himself airs in the Theatre and saying, 'I am wise, for I have conversed with many wise men,' Epictetus replied, 'I too have conversed with many rich men, yet I am not rich!'.
When Bill Clinton ran in '92, and I listened to him, and I had of course known of his record from Arkansas, I found him extraordinarily inspirational, and I voted Democratic.
When choosing friends, be careful of those who are not willing to rise up to be at your level, but who are trying everything in their power to bring you down to their level.
When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.
...when dogma enters the brain, all intellectual activity ceases.
When each day is the same as the next, it's because people fail to recognize the good things that happen in their lives every day that the sun rises.
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
Whenever a soul leaves the body a void is felt across the world..
Whenever I think of something but can't think of what it was I was thinking of, I can't stop thinking until I think I'm thinking of it again. I think I think too much.
Whenever something bad happens, keep calm, take a few deep breaths and shift the focus to something positive.
Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching.
Whenever you fall, pick something up.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Whenever you read a good book, somewhere in the world a door opens to allow in more light.
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
When faith in our freedom gives way to fear of our freedom, silencing the minority view becomes the operative protocol.
When forever becomes a place...when forever ceases to be just a word... when it ceases to be just a measurement of time...but instead becomes a place where soul mates can dance to the song in their hearts... that is a reflection of true love.
When God dreams, whole universes come into existence.
When God had made The Man, he made him out of stuff that sung all the time and glittered all over. Some angels got jealous and chopped him into millions of pieces, but still he glittered and hummed. So they beat him down to nothing but sparks but each little spark had a shine and a song. So they covered each one over with mud. And the lonesomeness in the sparks make them hunt for one another.
When God opens his front door, it opens out onto the universe.
When God sings, there is glorious music and a choir of angels to fill the air with love.
When God takes a shower, waterfalls come to life around the world.
When God turns on his outside light, the whole universe lights up with a heavenly glow.
When God walks, he leaves a trail of stardust in his wake.
...when he looks at Beauty in the only way that Beauty can be seen - only then will it become possible for him to give birth not to images of virtue (because he's in touch with no images), but to true virtue [arete] (because he is in touch with true Beauty). The love of the gods belongs to anyone who has given to true virtue and nourished it, and if any human being could become immortal, it would be he.
When I begin to doubt my ability to work the word, I simply read another writer and know I have nothing to worry about. My contest is only with myself, to do it right, with power, and force, and delight, and gamble.
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.
When I die, I don't want people to say all good things. I'd like them to be honest and tell the truth.
When I find myself in times of trouble, mother Mary comes to me,
When I get sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead.
When I grew up here, there was no T-Hub. Probably, the closest to T was the Tank bund.
When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.
When I left Queen's my future seemed to stretch out before me like a straight road. I thought I could see along it for many a milestone. Now there is a bend in it. I don't know what lies around the bend, but I'm going to believe that the best does.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
When I meet with the founders of a new company, my advice is almost always, 'Do fewer things.' It's true of partnerships, marketing opportunities, anything that's taking up your time. The vast majority of things are distractions, and very few really matter to your success.
When I'm old and dying, I plan to look back on my life and say, 'Wow, that was an adventure,' not 'Wow, I sure felt safe.
When in a relationship, a real man doesn't make his woman jealous of others, he makes others jealous of his woman.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
When I pictured myself, it was always like just an outline in a colouring book, with the inside not yet completed.
When I ran the stock exchange, it was the most successful it's been in its 200-plus-year history. And I was rewarded for success; I would not have been rewarded if we failed.
When I say that consciousness is an illusion I do not mean that consciousness does not exist. I mean that consciousness is not what it appears to be. If it seems to be a continuous stream of rich and detailed experiences, happening one after the other to a conscious person, this is the illusion.
When I say that I am convinced of these things I speak with too much pride. Far off, like a perfect pearl, one can see the city of God. It is so wonderful that it seems as if a child could reach it in a summer's day. And so a child could. But with me and such as me it is different. One can realise a thing in a single moment, but one loses it in the long hours that follow with leaden feet. It is so difficult to keep 'heights that the soul is competent to gain.' We think in eternity, but we move slowly through time; and how slowly time goes with us who lie in prison I need not tell again, nor of the weariness and despair that creep back into one's cell, and into the cell of one's heart, with such strange insistence that one has, as it were, to garnish and sweep one's house for their coming, as for an unwelcome guest, or a bitter master, or a slave whose slave it is one's chance or choice to be.
When I say "The good man gave his good dog a good meal," I use "good" analogically, for there is at the same time a similarity and a difference between a good man, a good dog, and a good meal. All three are desirable, but a good man is wise and moral, a good dog is tame and affectionate, and a good meal is tasty and nourishing. But a good man is not tasty and nourishing, except to a cannibal; a good dog is not wise and moral, except in cartoons, and a good meal is not tame and affectionate, unless it's alive as you eat it.
When I see the blind and wretched state of men, when I survey the whole universe in its deadness, and man left to himself with no light, as though lost in this corner of the universe without knowing who put him there, what he has to do, or what will become of him when he dies, incapable of knowing anything, I am moved to terror, like a man transported in his sleep to some terrifying desert island, who wakes up quite lost, with no means of escape. Then I marvel that so wretched a state does not drive people to despair.
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me.
When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around.
. . . when it comes down to it, that's what life is all about: showing up for the people you love, again and again, until you can't show up anymore.
When it comes to social consequences, they've got all different people acting in different ways, very difficult to even have a proper criterion of success. So, it's a difficult task.
When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts.
When I told the people of Northern Ireland that I was an atheist, a woman in the audience stood up and said, "Yes, but is it the God of the Catholics or the God of the Protestants in whom you don't believe?"
When it rains it pours. Maybe the art of life is to convert tough times to great experiences: we can choose to hate the rain or dance in it.
When I try, I fail.
When it's all quiet, that's when you need to watch out for storms.
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  I wrote down happy'.  They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life.
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down 'happy'. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life.
When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.
When I was a boy, I would read those postcards and know exactly why my father was doing what he was doing: he was taking a stab at greatness, that is, if greatness is simply another word for doing something different from what you were already doing--or maybe greatness is the thing we want to have so that other people will want to have us, or maybe greatness is merely the grail for our unhappy, striving selves, the thing we think we need but don't and can't get anyway.
When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman. After school we'd all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he would eat one of us. It wasn't until later that I found out that Uncle Caveman was a bear.
When I was a little girl, everything in the world fell into either of these two categories: wrong or right. Black or white. Now that I am an adult, I have put childish things aside and now I know that some things fall into wrong and some things fall into right. Some things are categorized as black and some things are categorized as white. But most things in the world aren't either! Most things in the world aren't black, aren't white, aren't wrong, aren't right, but most of everything is just different. And now I know that there's nothing wrong with different, and that we can let things be different, we don't have to try and make them black or white, we can just let them be grey. And when I was a child, I thought that God was the God who only saw black and white. Now that I am no longer a child, I can see, that God is the God who can see the black and the white and the grey, too, and He dances on the grey! Grey is okay.
When I was a little girl I used to read fairy tales. In fairy tales you meet Prince Charming and he's everything you ever wanted. In fairy tales the bad guy is very easy to spot. The bad guy is always wearing a black cape so you always know who he is. Then you grow up and you realize that Prince Charming is not as easy to find as you thought. You realize the bad guy is not wearing a black cape and he's not easy to spot; he's really funny, and he makes you laugh, and he has perfect hair.
When I was alive, I believed -- as you do -- that time was at least as real and solid as myself, and probably more so. I said 'one o'clock' as though I could see it, and 'Monday' as though I could find it on the map; and I let myself be hurried along from minute to minute, day to day, year to year, as though I were actually moving from one place to another. Like everyone else, I lived in a house bricked up with seconds and minutes, weekends and New Year's Days, and I never went outside until I died, because there was no other door. Now I know that I could have walked through the walls. (...) You can strike your own time, and start the count anywhere. When you understand that -- then any time at all will be the right time for you.
When I was born, I was so surprised, I couldn't talk for a year and a half!
When I was growing up I always wanted to be someone. Now I realize I should have been more specific.
When I was in jail, I was a lot of people's favorite person. I practically ran the jail. I had more freedom than the police.
When I was little and running on the race track at school, I always stopped and waited for all the other kids so we could run together even though I knew (and everybody else knew) that I could run much faster than all of them! I pretended to read slowly so I could "wait" for everyone else who couldn't read as fast as I could! When my friends were short I pretended that I was short too and if my friend was sad I pretended to be unhappy. I could go on and on about all the ways I have limited myself, my whole life, by "waiting" for people. And the only thing that I've ever received in return is people thinking that they are faster than me, people thinking that they can make me feel bad about myself just because I let them and people thinking that I have to do whatever they say I should do. My mother used to teach me "Cinderella is a perfect example to be" but I have learned that Cinderella can go fuck herself, I'm not waiting for anybody, anymore! I'm going to run as fast as I can, fly as high as I can, I am going to soar and if you want you can come with me! But I'm not waiting for you anymore.
When I was working at the Sprint store, I got laid off. I was bummed out, but I stayed positive. I used the money I had earned while working there to make my first album. Without that job, maybe 'Corazon Sin Cara' would never had been made. It's a very inspirational story.
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did ten times more work.
When I work fourteen hours a day, seven days a week, I get lucky.
When life doesn't meet your expectations, it was important to take it with grace.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
When man invented light, he forgot to come out of the dark ages.
When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and you'd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. That's what we're going to miss.
When men are pure, laws are useless; when men are corrupt, laws are broken.
When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock, perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that last blow that did it, but all that had gone before.
When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal, you do not change your decision to get there.
When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal; you do not change your decision to get there.
When one door closes another door opens, but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
When one firmly fetters one's heart and keeps it prisoner, one can allow one's spirit many liberties: I said this once before But people do not believe it when I say so, unless they know it already.
When one flower blooms spring awakens everywhere
When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.
When one must, one can.
When one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior.
When one side benefits more than the other, that's a win-lose situation. To the winner it might look like success for a while, but in the long run, it breeds resentment and distrust.
When one trains one's conscience, it kisses one while it bites.
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
When our eyes are graced with wonder, the world reveals its wonders to us. There are people who see only dullness in the world and that is because their eyes have already been dulled. So much depends on how we look at things. The quality of our looking determines what we come to see.
When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.
When people see some things as beautiful,
When people stand up and talk about the great success that the EU has been, I'm not sure anybody saying it really believes it themselves anymore.
when somebody plays music, you listen. you just follow those sounds, and eventually you understand the music. the point can't be explained in words because music is not words, but after listening for a while, you understand the point of it, and that point is the music itself. in exactly the same way, you can listen to all experiences.
When someone is trying very hard to get something, they don't. And when they're running away from something as hard as they can, it usually catches up with them.
When someone sees the same people every day, as had happened with him at the seminary, they wind up becoming a part of that person's life. And then they want the person to change. If someone isn't what others want them to be, the others become angry. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own.
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
When spider webs unite they can tie up a lion.
When stepped on, a worm doubles up. That is clever. In that way he lessens the probability of being stepped on again. In the language of morality: humility.
When the Aggregates arise, decay and die, O bhikkhu, every moment you are born, decay, and die.
When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends.
When the clouds away the sun will shine.
When the color runs, you're sure to get a good mixture of hues.
When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don't give up.
When the heart is dry the eye is dry.
When the house is on fire one forgets even the dinner--Yes, but one recovers it from among the ashes.
When the mind is free, magic happens.
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
When there is no where else to turn, turn inward. Enter into the sacred silence of your soul and ask for healing, guidance and personal peace.
When the road ahead seems impossible, start the engine
When the shutters come down you know that the deaf have no ears.
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.
When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful.
When the wind blows,the grass bends.
When the world pushes you to your knees, you're in the perfect position to pray
When the world says, 'Give up,' hope whispers, 'Try it one more time.'
When the writing is good, a book becomes a mirror. The reader will see an uncanny familiarity and respond accordingly.
When they have discovered truth in nature they fling it into a book, where it is even worse hands.
When they say the sky's the limit to me that's really true
When things break, it's not the actual breaking that prevents them from getting back together again. It's because a little piece gets lost - the two remaining ends couldn't fit together even if they wanted to. The whole shape has changed.
When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge -- every adversity -- contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.
When things go wrong, you'll find they usually go on getting worse for some time; but when things once start going right they often go on getting better and better.
When those you love die, the best you can do is honor their spirit for as long as you live. You make a commitment that you're going to take whatever lesson that person or animal was trying to teach you, and you make it true in your own life... it's a positive way to keep their spirit alive in the world, by keeping it alive in yourself.
When two creatures meet, the one that is able to intimidate its opponent is recognized as socially superior, so that a social decision does not always depend on a fight; an encounter in some circumstances may be enough.
When we are most alone is when we embrace another's loneliness.
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
When we are shown scenes of starving children in Africa, with a call for us to do something to help them, the underlying ideological message is something like: "Don't think, don't politicize, forget about the true causes of their poverty, just act, contribute money, so that you will not have to think!
When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.
When we are young, we spend much time and pains in filling our note-books with all definitions of Religion, Love, Poetry, Politics, Art, in the hope that, in the course of a few years, we shall have condensed into our encyclopaedia the net value of all the theories at which the world has yet arrived. But year after year our tables get no completeness, and at last we discover that our curve is a parabola, whose arcs will never meet.
When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
When we have to change an opinion about any one, we charge heavily to his account the inconvenience he thereby causes us.
When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives mean the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand. The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing, not curing, not healing and face with us the reality of our powerlessness, that is a friend who cares.
When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
When we make our own misery we sometimes cling to it even when we want so bad to change, because misery is something we know. The misery is comfortable.
When we move, we are in a way de-structured by our movement
When we say two bodies 'touch', what we mean (without knowing it) is that both electromagnetic fields are interacting to avoid physical interpenetration and ... that happens well before subatomic particles touch!
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
When we sense something, it is due to the movement of atoms in space. When I see the moon it is because "moon atoms" penetrate my eye.
When we talk about understanding, surely it takes place only when the mind listens completely -- the mind being your heart, your nerves, your ears- when you give your whole attention to it.
When what we want to do and what we ought to do are two different things, character is built in the choice we make.
When work, commitment, and pleasure all become one and you reach that deep well where passion lives, nothing is impossible.
When you are able to love yourself deeply, you can be kind to others.
When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.
When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.
When you are kind to someone in trouble, you hope they'll remember and be kind to someone else. And it'll become like a wildfire.
When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.
When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.
When you are used to the kind of life -of never getting anything you want- you stop knowing what it is you want.
When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love ...
When you become the image of your own imagination, it's the most powerful thing you could ever do.
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find ways to do it.
When you can't get what you want, get what you need
When you chase a dream, you learn about yourself. You learn your capabilities and limitations, and the value of hard work and persistence.
When you choose one way out of many, all the ways you don't take are snuffed out like candles, as if they'd never existed.
When you come to look into this argument from design, it is a most astonishing thing that people can believe that this world, with all the things that are in it, with all its defects, should be the best that omnipotence and omniscience have been able to produce in millions of years. I really cannot believe it. Do you think that, if you were granted omnipotence and omniscience and millions of years in which to perfect your world, you could produce nothing better than the Ku Klux Klan or the Fascists? Moreover, if you accept the ordinary laws of science, you have to suppose that human life and life in general on this planet will die out in due course: it is a stage in the decay of the solar system; at a certain stage of decay you get the sort of conditions of temperature and so forth which are suitable to protoplasm, and there is life for a short time in the life of the whole solar system. You see in the moon the sort of thing to which the earth is tending -- something dead, cold, and lifeless.
When you come to the edge of all that you know, you must believe one of two things: either there will be ground to stand on, or you will be given wings to fly.
When you delegate work to the member of the team, your job is to clearly frame success and describe the objectives.
When you dice with Death, you had better hope that you don't get craps!
When you divide a city you also divide a nation.
When you do nothing, you feel overwhelmed and powerless. But when you get involved, you feel the sense of hope and accomplishment that comes from knowing you are working to make things better.
When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it. Do it again and again.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
When you draw something it lives and when you photograph it it dies
When you expect a miraculous life, you will make it a reality.
When you expect nothing from the world - not the light of the sun, the wet of water, nor the air to breathe - everything is a wonder and every moment a gift.
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder.
When you find an idea that you just can't stop thinking about, that's probably a good one to pursue.
When you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain.
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
When you get up in the morning, you have two choices - either to be happy or to be unhappy. Just choose to be happy
When you grow up as a girl, the world tells you the things that you are supposed to be: emotional, loving, beautiful, wanted. And then when you are those things, the world tells you they are inferior: illogical, weak, vain, empty.
When you have a bad day, a really bad day, try and treat the world better than it treated you.
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.
When you have a sense of your own identity and a vision of where you want to go in your life, you then have the basis for reaching out to the world and going after your dreams for a better life.
When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't.
When you have once seen the glow of happiness on the face of a beloved person, you know that a man can have no vocation but to awaken that light on all the faces surrounding him.
When you hear a noise in the attic, don't go down into the basement!
When you hold a grudge, you want someone else's sorrow to reflect your level of hurt but the two rarely meet.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
When you live on a round planet, there's no choosing sides.
When you look for a man- what you want to look for is a man with the heart of a poor boy and the mind of a conqueror.
When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.
When you lost sight of your path, listen for the destination in your heart (Allen Walker, D-gray Man)
When you make a world tolerable for yourself, you make a world tolerable for others.
When you miss a shot, never think of what you did wrong. Take the next shot thinking of what you must do right.
When you open your heart to a stranger you have welcomed another heart into your home.
When your brook dries up and disappointment comes your way, you do not necessarily need to assume that you did something wrong.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
When you realize there is something you don't understand, then you're generally on the right path to understanding all kinds of things.
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
When you're a pessimist, people are always smiling at someone else.
When you're as tall as me, ants still look like ants.
When you're beyond redemption, anything is possible.
When you're black
When you receive a gift bouquet of flowers, your heart blooms and dances with joy.
when you're cool for twenty,
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.
When you're finished changing, you're finished.
When you're good at something, you'll tell everyone. When you're great at something, they'll tell you.
When you're in the basement, life sucks!
When you're in the muck you can only see muck. If you somehow manage to float above it, you still see the muck but you see it from a different perspective. And you see other things too. That's the consolation of philosophy.
When you're locked up in here for life, you learn to welcome the little freedoms.
When your enemy is making a very serious mistake, don't be impolite and disturb him.
When you're rich, you never want to lose what you have. Yet, when you are poor, you have nothing to lose, but you have everything to share.
When you're screwing up and nobody says anything to you anymore, that means they've given up on you.
When you're working hard and doing all you can to achieve your goals, anything that can give you an edge is powerful and will streamline your path to success.
When you rise to the bait you need to watch out for the fishermen.
When your tears become invisible, disappear
When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier.
When your will is God's will, you will have your will.
When you say "I" and "my" too much, you lose the capacity to understand the "we" and "our".
When you see a good person, think of becoming like her/him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and you argue about what to do about it only after you have had your technical success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.
When you see the cows go into McDonalds you know that their beef burgers are fresh.
When you separate thought from life you get philosophy.
When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe... your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
When you stop trying to change others and work on changing yourself, your world changes for the better.
When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.
When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important.
When you talk, don't talk to express your ego. Talk to reveal beauty to your listeners.
When you think that you have it all, think again!
When you use your energy and resources to punish people, you run out of energy and resources to protect people.
When you've had one call after another and your little one is tugging on your shirt, remember what really matters. When the milk is splattered all over the floor and those little eyes are looking at you for your reaction, remember what really matters. It takes 5 minutes to clean up spilled milk; it takes much longer to clean up a broken spirit.
When you've tried everything and failed, try everything else and succeed
When you win, nothing hurts.
When you work for yourself, it's a real bummer when you don't like the boss!
When you write and draw in pencil, your eraser is your best friend.
Whereas I think: I'm lying here in a haystack... The tiny space I occupy is so infinitesimal in comparison with the rest of space, which I don't occupy and which has no relation to me. And the period of time in which I'm fated to live is so insignificant beside the eternity in which I haven't existed and won't exist... And yet in this atom, this mathematical point, blood is circulating, a brain is working, desiring something... What chaos! What a farce!
Where do one's fears come from? Where do they shape themselves? Where do they hide before coming out into the open?
Where hope grows, miracles blossom.
Where humanity
Where in the nursery rhyme does it say Humpty Dumpty is an egg?
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.
Where there is neither love nor hatred in the game, woman's play is mediocre.
Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.
"Where there is the tree of knowledge, there is always Paradise": so say the most ancient and the most modern serpents.
where the telescope ends the microscope begins, and who can say which has the wider vision?
Wherever men and women are persecuted because of their race, religion, or political views, that place must -- at that moment -- become the center of the universe.
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for crisis.
Wherever there is a human in need, there is an opportunity for kindness and to make a difference.
Wherever we are, it is our friends that make our world.
Wherever you are - be all there.
wherever you find the greatest good, you will find the greatest evil, because evil loves paradise as much as good.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Where we choose to be, where we choose to be--we have the power to determine that in our lives. We cannot reel time backward or forward, but we can take ourselves to the place that defines our being.
Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also
Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Where you stumble and fall, there you will find gold.
Whether a belief is considered to be a delusion or not depends partly upon the intensity with which it is defended, and partly upon the numbers of people subscribing to it.
Whether a party can have much success without a woman present I must ask others to decide, but one thing is certain, no party is any fun unless seasoned with folly.
Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and it has power," Tuek said. "You might find the line between life and death among the Fremen to be too sharp and quick.
Whether divine or human, it is precisely the imagination that fashions and recognizes the universe as meaningful, abiding, and valuable, that is to say, as real.
Whether we immoralists are harming virtue? Just as little as anarchists harm princes. Only since the latter are shot at do they again sit securely on their thrones. Moral: morality must be shot at.
Whether we like it or not, modern ways are going to alter and in part destroy traditional customs and values.
Whether you come from a council estate or a country estate, your success will be determined by your own confidence and fortitude.
Whether you know or not, you are the infinite potential of love, peace and joy
Whether you're successful or not, you'll never actually feel the joys of accomplishment unless you love yourself. Success can be very difficult to deal with. You have to stay in the center. If you let your success define you, then you're really just setting yourself up for failure.
Whether you succeed or not is irrelevant, there is no such thing.  Making your unknown known is the important thing.
Whether you take the doughnut hole as a blank space or as an entity unto itself is a purely metaphysical question and does not affect the taste of the doughnut one bit.
Whether You Think You Can Or Think You Can't, You're Right.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.
Which came first, the mind or the idea of the mind? Have you never wondered? They arrived together. The mind is an idea.
Which do you think is more valuable to humanity?
While formal schooling is an important advantage, it is not a guarantee of success nor is its absence a fatal handicap.
While I was an honorable man in her eyes, she did not love me. But the minute she understood what I was, when she breathed the true and foul odor of my soul, love was born in her -- for she does love me! Well, well! There is nothing real, then, except evil.
While noises encompass every strand of the breathing being, delved into dark silences is the barely breathing heart
While we may judge things as good or bad, karma doesn't. It's a simple case of like gets like, the ultimate balancing act, nothing more, nothing less. And if you're deteremined to fix every situation you deem as bad, or difficult, or somehow unsavory, then you rob the person of their own chance to fix it, learn from it, or even grow from it. Some things, no matter how painful, happen for a reason. A reason you or I may not be able to grasp at first sight, not without knowing a person's entire life story--their cumulative past. And to just barge in and interfere, no matter how well-intentioned, would be akin to robbing them of their journey. Something that's better not done.
Whilst stay-at-home persons are searching for truth, the apple will stay on the tree.
white it's no use hiding in a field of color.
white with no shades in-between.
Who are you? No really. Way, way down deep. Who are you?
Who, being loved, is poor?
Who belonged to no one, who belonged to everyone.
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
Whoever cannot seek the unforeseen sees nothing for the known way is an impasse.
Whoever does not know how to lay his will into things, at least lays some meaning into them: that means, he has the faith that they already obey a will. (Principle of "faith.)
Whoever is going to listen to the philosophers needs a considerable practice in listening.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Whoever said anybody has a right to give up?
Whoever said the pen is mightier than the sword obviously never encountered automatic weapons.
Whoever will be free must make himself free. Freedom is no fairy gift to fall into a man's lap. What is freedom? To have the will to be responsible for one's self.
Whoever wishes to become a philosopher must learn not to be frightened by absurdities.
Whoever you are, or whatever it is that you do, when you really want something, it's because that desire originated in the soul of the universe. It's your mission on earth.
Whoever you are, whatever your dream, you have to be strong in your head and strong in your heart. Be strong. There's no quitting in the person who wants it bad enough.
Who had deceived thee so often as thyself?
Who has not, a hundred times, found himself committing a vile or silly action for no other reason than because he knows he should
Who has not, at one time or another--sacrificed himself for the sake of his good name?
Who is John Galt?
Who is to decide which is the grimmer sight: withered hearts, or empty skulls?
Who is wise? He that learns from everyone. Who is powerful? He that governs his passions. Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.
Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.
Who seeks shall find.
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.
Who sows virtue reaps honor.
Who the hell wants to hear actors talk?
who, though distant, is close to us in spirit, this makes the earth for us an inhabited garden.
Who wants peace when they're is money to be made!
Who we are in the present includes who we were in the past.
Who we are now is all that really matters.
Who will be left at the end of the day?
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.
Who would have thought that a tap-dancing penguin would outpoint James Bond at the box office? And deserve to? Not that there's anything wrong with 'Casino Royale.' But 'Happy Feet' - written and directed by George Miller - is a complete charmer, even if, in the way of most family fare, it can't resist straying into the Inspirational.
Why am I compelled to write?... Because the world I create in the writing compensates for what the real world does not give me. By writing I put order in the world, give it a handle so I can grasp it. I write because life does not appease my appetites and anger... To become more intimate with myself and you. To discover myself, to preserve myself, to make myself, to achieve self-autonomy. To dispell the myths that I am a mad prophet or a poor suffering soul. To convince myself that I am worthy and that what I have to say is not a pile of shit... Finally I write because I'm scared of writing, but I'm more scared of not writing.
Why are there beings at all, instead of Nothing?
why are trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out
why are we here?
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Why didn't I learn to treat everything like it was the last time. My greatest regret was how much I believed in the future.
Why does a woman want equality with men when she is already much better than a man? Is she not a mother like the earth?
Why don't you look it into your own heart instead of looking it into the temples and mosques?
Why do we think love is a magician? Because the whole power of magic consists in love. The work of magic is the attraction of one thing by another because of a certain affinity of nature.
Why is abbreviation such a long word?
Why' is a crooked letter and can't be made straight.
Why is it so difficult for us to think in relative terms? Well, for the good reason that human nature loves absoluteness, and erroneously considers it as a state of higher knowledge.
Why not smooch a ghost?
Why Not You?
Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces of the people who said you couldn't will be priceless.
Why so serious?
Why waste yourself doing something pointless, when you can spend your life being productive in your own eyes?
Wilbur Wright, trees knew that leaves could fly.
William James describes a man who got the experience from laughing-gas; whenever he was under its influence, he knew the secret of the universe, but when he came to, he had forgotten it. At last, with immense effort, he wrote down the secret before the vision had faded. When completely recovered, he rushed to see what he had written. It was: "A smell of petroleum prevails throughout.
Willingness to compromise with others' ways of living and cooperation in common tasks, these make living happy and fruitful.
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.
Windmill or no windmill, he said, life would go on as it had always gone on--that is, badly.
Windows NT addresses 2 Gigabytes of RAM, which is more than any application will ever need.
Winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts.
Winners embrace hard work. They love the discipline of it, the trade-off they're making to win. Losers, on the other hand, see it as punishment. And that's the difference.
Winning isn't everything, but it beats anything in second place.
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.
Wisdom has two parts: 1) Having a lot to say, and 2) not saying it.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; virtue is doing it.
Wisdom is seeing something in a non-habitual manner.
Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeates all things.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Wisdom makes you humble; knowledge enhances your ego.
Wisdom without love is lame. Love without wisdom is blind.
Wise men put their trust in ideas and not in circumstances.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something.
Wisest is she who knows she does not know.
Wishes don't bring riches; work make things work.
With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that you value life the most. You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies. Those do not die.
With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams,
With an eye made quiet by the power of harmony, and the deep power of joy, we see into the life of things.
With a philosophy education, one can infuriate his peers, intimidate his date, think of obscure, unreliable ways to make money, and never regret a thing.
With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage is the foundation of integrity.
With e-currency based on cryptographic proof, without the need to trust a third party middleman, money can be secure and transactions effortless.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
With extreme wealth comes extreme responsibility. And the responsibility for me is to invest in creating new businesses, create jobs, employ people, and to put money aside to tackle issues where we can make a difference.
With faith, discipline and selfless devotion to duty, there is nothing worthwhile that you cannot achieve.
With his principles a man seeks either to dominate, or justify, or honour, or reproach, or conceal his habits: two men with the same principles probably seek fundamentally different ends therewith.
Within a computer natural language is unnatural.
Within sorrow is grace. When we come close to those things that break us down, we touch those things that also break us open. And in that breaking open, we uncover our true nature.
Within the hearts men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.
With love and patience, nothing is impossible.
With mankind at the helm you can be rest assured that we'll hit that damn ice-burg sooner or later.
With our thoughts we make the world.
Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success.
Without causality in the world, there is no point in educating people, or making any moral or political appeal.
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind.
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.
Without failure there is no sweetness in success. There's no understanding of it.
Without fear there cannot be courage.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Without intention, you can't begin anything. Without beginning, you cannot succeed in anything.
Without knowledge of what I am and why I am here, it is impossible to live, and since I cannot know that, I cannot live either. In an infinity of time, in an infinity of matter, and an infinity of space a bubble-organism emerges while will exist for a little time and then burst, and that bubble am I.
Without leaps of imagination or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all is a form of planning.
Without living, how can you know? Without knowing, how can you speak?
Without man and his potential for moral progress, the whole of reality would be a mere wilderness, a thing in vain, and have no final purpose.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Without pain, without sacrifice, we would have nothing.
Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period.
With regard to what "truthfulness" is, perhaps nobody has ever been sufficiently truthful.
With self-discipline most anything is possible.
With the arrival of electric technology, man has extended, or set outside himself, a live model of the central nervous system itself. To the degree that this is so, it is a development that suggests a desperate suicidal autoamputation, as if the central nervous system could no longer depend on the physical organs to be protective buffers against the slings and arrows of outrageous mechanism.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
With the success of a show, you get an opportunity to call attention to things that you believe in.
With the truth, all given facts harmonize; but with what is false, the truth soon hits a wrong note.
With time and perspective we recognize that such problems in life do come for a purpose, if only to allow the one who faces such despair to be convinced that he really does need divine strength beyond himself, that she really does need the offer of heaven's hand. Those who feel no need for mercy usually never seek it and almost never bestow it. Those who have never had a heartache or a weakness or felt lonely or forsaken never have had to cry unto heaven for relief of such personal pain. Surely it is better to find the goodness of God and the grace of Christ, even at the price of despair, than to risk living our lives in a moral or material complacency that has never felt any need for faith or forgiveness, any need for redemption or relief.
With winter here, it's hugs all round.
With your head full of brains and your shoes full of feet, you're too smart to go down any not-so-good street.
Woman is a delicate creature with strong emotions who has been created by the Almighty God to shoulder responsibility for educating society and moving toward perfection. God created woman as symbol of His own beauty and to give solace to her partner and her family.
Woman learns how to hate in proportion as she--forgets how to charm.
Women are considered profound. Why? Because one never fathoms their depths. Women aren't even shallow.
Women are more humble and more adaptable. This makes them wiser.
Women can fake an orgasm, but men can fake an entire relationship.
Women's liberation is one thing, but the permeation of anti-male sentiment in post-modern popular culture - from our mocking sitcom plots to degrading commercial story lines - stands testament to the ignorance of society. Fair or not, as the lead gender that never requested such a role, the historical male reputation is quite balanced.
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are beautiful
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.
Words are made for a certain exactness of thought, as tears are for a certain degree of pain. What is least distinct cannot be named; what is clearest is unutterable.
Words are tears that have been written down. Tears are words that need to be shed. Without them, joy loses all its brilliance and sadness has no end.
Words are the clothes thoughts wear.
Words can never fully say what we want them to say, for they fumble, stammer, and break the best porcelain. The best one can hope for is to find along the way someone to share the path, content to walk in silence, for the heart communes best when it does not try to speak.
Words do not express thoughts very well; every thing immediately becomes a little different, a little distorted, a little foolish. And yet it also pleases me and seems right that what is of value and wisdom of one man seems nonsense to another.
Words save our lives, sometimes.
Work as intensely as you play and play as intensely as you work.
Work is a blessing. God has so arranged the world that work is necessary, and He gives us hands and strength to do it. The enjoyment of leisure would be nothing if we had only leisure. It is the joy of work well done that enables us to enjoy rest, just as it is the experiences of hunger and thirst that make food and drink such pleasures.
Work is either fun or drudgery. It depends on your attitude. I like fun.
Work is love made visible. And if you can't work with love, but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of the people who work with joy
Work will win when wishy washy wishing won t.
Work without Hope draws nectar in a sieve, And Hope without an object cannot live.
Worrying is stupid. It's like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it to rain.
Would Crazy Horse have spent this much to remodel a kitchen?
Would you rather be right or free?
Would you rather live one perfect day over and over or live your life with no perfect days but just decent ones?
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Write a paper promising salvation, make it a 'structured' something or a 'virtual' something, or 'abstract', 'distributed' or 'higher-order' or 'applicative' and you can almost be certain of having started a new cult.
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
Write it properly first. It's easier to make a correct program fast, than to make a fast program correct.
Writers, as they gain success, feel like outsiders because writers don't come together in real groups.
Writers may be classified as meteors, planets, and fixed stars. They belong not to one system, one nation only, but to the universe. And just because they are so very far away, it is usually many years before their light is visible to the inhabitants of this earth.
Write while the heat is in you. The writer who postpones the recording of his thoughts uses an iron which has cooled to burn a hole with. He cannot inflame the minds of his audience.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
Writing blooms flowers for mind, which last forever.
Writing means not just staring ugliness in the face, but finding a way to embrace
Written words can also sing.
Wrong will be right, when Aslan comes in sight,
XML wasn't designed to be edited by humans on a regular basis.
(.Y.).
Yes, I am a dreamer. For a dreamer is one who can find his way by moonlight, and see the dawn before the rest of the world.
Yes I have made a lot of money and I have a lot of respect, my films have done well, and I know there are loads of loads of people who look up to me and really love me. I really just thought this is like a strange dream. I have never thought this is a success - I don't have a standard.
Yes, I have tricks in my pocket, I have things up my sleeve. But I am the opposite of a stage magician. He gives you illusion that has the appearance of truth. I give you truth in the pleasant disguise of illusion.
Yes, I understand why things had to happen this way. I understand his reason for causing me pain. But mere understanding does not chase away the hurt. It does not call upon the sun when dark clouds have loomed over me. Let the rain come then if it must come! And let it wash away the dust that hurt my eyes!
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
Yesterday misspent can't be recall'd
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.
Yes, terrible things happen, but sometimes those terrible things- they save you.
Yes, you need a passport to prove to the world that you exist. The people at passport control, they cannot look at you and see you are a person. No! They have to look at a little photograph of you. Then they believe you exist.
Yet even in the loneliness of the canyon I knew there were others like me who had brothers they did not understand but wanted to help. We are probably those referred to as "our brother's keepers," possessed of one of the oldest and possible one of the most futile and certainly one of the most haunting instincts. It will not let us go.
Yet I'm sure there's something more to be read in a man. People dare not -- they dare not turn the page. The laws of mimicry -- I call them the laws of fear. People are afraid to find themselves alone, and don't find themselves at all. I hate this moral agoraphobia -- it's the worst kind of cowardice. You can't create something without being alone. But who's trying to create here? What seems different in yourself: that's the one rare thing you possess, the one thing which gives each of us his worth; and that's just what we try to suppress. We imitate. And we claim to love life.
Yet the ivory gods, And the ebony gods, And the gods of diamond-jade, Are only silly puppet gods That people themselves Have made.-
Ye Utilitarians--ye, too, love the UTILE only as a VEHICLE for your inclinations,--ye, too, really find the noise of its wheels insupportable!
Yippie-ki-yay, motherf=E2=80=94er!
Yo, Adrian!
Yoga is not a religion. It is a science, science of well-being, science of youthfulness, science of integrating body, mind and soul.
you
You ain't heard nothin' yet!
You always draw inspiration from your family or your parents if they've proven to be inspirational. My mother is someone who's always been inspirational to me.
You and I are part of the colony of heaven. Right now, we may reside here on earth, but our passport indicates that our citizenship is in heaven. We are
You are a cosmic flower. Om chanting is the process of opening the psychic petals of that flower.
You are, after all, what you think. Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
You are a human with one life and its up to you to make it the best life you can.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
You are a master of the words you don't say and a slave to the ones you do.
You are an aperture through which the universe is looking at and exploring itself.
You are a wonderful creation. You know more than you think you know, just as you know less than you want to know.
You are beautiful because you let yourself feel, and that is a brave thing indeed.
You are beautiful. Know this. Anyone who tells you otherwise is simply lying. You are beautiful.
You are both loyal and self-reliant.
You are Braver than you Believe, Smarter than you Seem, and Stronger than you Think.
You are careful and systematic.
You are compassionate and understanding.
You are demonstrative with those you love.
You are doing God's work. You are doing it wonderfully well. He is blessing you, and He will bless you, --even--no, -especially--when your days and your nights may be most challenging. Like the woman who anonymously, meekly, perhaps even with hesitation and some embarrassment, fought her way through the crowd just to touch the hem of the Master's garment, so Christ will say to the women who worry and wonder and weep over their responsibility as mothers, `Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole.' And it will make your children whole as well.
You are doing the best you can, and that best results in good to yourself and to others. Do not nag yourself with a sense of failure. Get on your knees and ask for the blessings of the Lord;then stand on your feet and do what you are asked to do.
You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.
You are in charge of your own happiness; you don't need to wait for other people's permission to be happy.
You are loved just for being who you are, just for existing. You don't have to do anything to earn it. Your shortcomings, your lack of self-esteem, physical perfection, or social and economic success - none of that matters. No one can take this love away from you, and it will always be here.
You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
You are never too good for anything. Always be willing to do everything.
You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
You are not a victim. No matter what you have been through, you're still here. You may have been challenged, hurt, betrayed, beaten, and discouraged, but nothing has defeated you. You are still here! You have been delayed but not denied. You are not a victim, you are a victor. You have a history of victory.
You are not free until you have no need to impress anybody.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
You are not just for the right or left, but for what is right over the wrong.
You are not rich until you have a rich heart.
You are not the victim of the world, but rather the master of your own destiny. It is your choices and decisions that determine your destiny.
You are not weak just because your heart feels so heavy.
You are often unaware of the effect you have on others.
You are old beyond your years Zoeybird. Believe in yourself and you will find a way. But remember darkness does not always equate to evil just like light does not always bring good.
You are only as strong as your purpose, therefore let us choose reasons to act that are big, bold, righteous and eternal.
YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise...embrace the entity of yourself...you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling.
You are stronger than you know.
YOU are the big drop of dew under the lotus leaf,
You are the center of every group's attention.
You Are the Master of Your Attitude
You are the perfect creation of God. Don't allow you to be down. God is experiencing through you.
You are the prisoner of your own thoughts; you are the victim of your own ideas.
You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don't have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.
You are very powerful, provided you know how powerful you are.
You are very responsible.
You are what you do. If you do boring, stupid monotonous work, chances are you'll end up boring, stupid and monotonous. Work is a much better explanation for the creeping cretinization all around us than even such significant moronizing mechanisms as television and education.
You are what your creators and experiences have made you, like every other being in this universe. Accept that and be done; I tire of your whining.
You are willing to die, you coward, but not to live.
You asked me how to get out of the finite dimensions when I feel like it. I certainly don't use logic when I do it. Logic's the first thing you have to get rid of.
You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word. It is victory, victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory, however long and hard the road may be; for without victory, there is no survival.
You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.
You become mature when you become the authority of your own life.
You become what you believe.
You become what you think about all day long.
You bring out the best in yourself by looking for the best in others.
You buy furniture. You tell yourself, this is the last sofa I will ever need in my life. Buy the sofa, then for a couple years you're satisfied that no matter what goes wrong, at least you've got your sofa issue handled. Then the right set of dishes. Then the perfect bed. The drapes. The rug. Then you're trapped in your lovely nest, and the things you used to own, now they own you.
You can achieve a reasonable goal if you pursue it whole heartedly.
You can be discouraged by failure, or you can learn from it. So go ahead and make mistakes, make all you can. Because, remember that's where you'll find success - on the far side of failure.
You can believe in whatsoever you like, but the truth remains the truth, no matter how sweet the lie may taste.
You can be the ripest, juciest peach in the world, and there are still going to be some people who hate peaches.
You can change your mind, don't let your mind change you
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.
You can discover more about a person by observing how he reacts when he is in danger.
You can do anything, but not everything.
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
You can feel the whole world and still feel lost in it. So many people are in pain-- no matter how smart or accomplished--they cry, they yearn, they hurt. But instead of looking down on things, they look up, which is where I should have been looking, too. Because when the world quiets to the sound of your own breathing, we all want the same things: comfort, love and a peaceful heart.
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time.
You can forget about yourself and still know you will always do everything you are supposed to do.
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can't have it.
You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.
You can have many great ideas in your head, but what makes the difference is the action. Without action upon an idea, there will be no manifestation, no results, and no reward
You can have peace, or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having both at once.
You can have premature generalization as well as premature optimization.
You can hide anything in color.
You can lose your MONEY. You can lose your FRIENDS. You can lose your JOB and you can lose your MARRIAGE...and still recover...as long as there is HOPE. Never lose HOPE.
You can love a person dear to you with a human love, but an enemy can only be loved with divine love.
you can measure the size of a person by what makes him or her angry
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
You cannot allow your desire to be a winner to be diminished by achieving success before and I believe there is room for improvement in every sportsman.
You cannot be buried in obscurity: you are exposed upon a grand theater to the view of the world. If your actions are upright and benevolent, be assured they will augment your power and happiness.
You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.
You cannot connect with anyone except through reality.
You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.
you cannot find happiness, outside the plan of happiness!
You cannot have everything. I mean, where would you put it?
You cannot move things by not moving.
You cannot stay on the summit forever; you have to come down again. So why bother in the first place? Just this: What is above knows what is below, but what is below does not know what is above. One climbs, one sees. One descends, one sees no longer, but one has seen. There is an art of conducting oneself in the lower regions by the memory of what one saw higher up. When one can no longer see, one can at least still know.
You can only be afraid of what you think you know.
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
You can recognize a small truth because its opposite is a falsehood. The opposite of a great truth is another truth.
You can recognize truth by its beauty and simplicity. When you get it right, it is obvious that it is right.
You can surrender without a prayer, but never really pray without surrender. You can fight without ever winning, but never ever win without a fight.
You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever.... connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.
You can't always be right, but you can be wrong a lot less
You can't always judge people by the things they done. You got to judge them by what they are doing now.
You can't awaken until you dare to discard your dreams.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
You can't control what others think. The only thing you can control is yourself. Some people will look down on you for your choices in life, no matter what they are. You can't do anything about that. The only thing you can do is decide how to live your own life. And to hell with everybody else
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
You can't do anything about the length of your life, but you can do something about its width and depth.
You can't dwell on what might have been...and it's not fair to condemn him for something he hasn't done.
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.
You can't fall if you don't climb.  But there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground.
You can't find someone who doesn't want to be found.
You can't get to version 500 if you don't start with a version 1.
You can't go around building a better world for people. Only people can build a better world for people. Otherwise it's just a cage.
You can't go back and make a brand new start. But, you can start now and make a brand new ending.
You can't go back and make a new start, but you can start right now and make a brand new ending.
You can't go home again
You can't handle the truth!
You can't hang around waiting for somebody else to pull your strings. Destiny's what you make of it. You have to face whatever life throws at you. And if it throws more than you'd like, more than you think you can handle? Well then you just have to find the heroism within yourself and play out the hand you've been dealt. The universe never sets a challenge that can't be met. You just need to believe in yourself in order to find the strength to face it.
You can't just skip the boring parts."
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
You can't outwit fate by standing on the sidelines placing little sidebets about the outcome of life. either you wade in and risk everything you have to play the game or you don't play at all. and if u don't play u can't win.
You can't play life like an untuned instrument and then ask why the music is unpleasent.
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
You can't stay in your corner of the forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
You can turn painful situations around through laughter. If you can find humor in anything, even poverty, you can survive it.
You can't use up creativity.  The more you use, the more you have.
You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
You change your life by changing your heart.
You come of the Lord Adam and the Lady Eve," said Aslan. "And that is both honour enough to erect the head of the poorest beggar, and shame enough to bow the shoulders of the greatest emperor on earth. Be content.
You complete me.
You could do a lot worse.
You couldn't erase the past. You couldn't even change it. But sometimes life offered you the opportunity to put it right.
You create your opportunities by asking for them.
You create your own stage. The audience is waiting.
You didn't kill him. He would have killed you, but you didn't kill him."
You do not have to sit outside in the dark. If, however, you want to look at the stars, you will find that darkness is necessary. But the stars neither require nor demand it.
You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success.
You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you
You don't always have to kiss a lot of frogs to recognize a prince when you find one
You don't become enormously successful without encountering some really interesting problems.
You don't have to accept the invitation to get angry. Instead, practice forgiveness, empathy and encouragement.
You don't have to be a genius or a visionary or even a college graduate to be successful. You just need a framework and a dream.
you don't have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
You don't have to explain your dreams, they belong to you.
You don't have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.
You don't have to make something that people call art. Living is an artistic activity, there is an art to getting through the day.
you don't have to worry about burning bridges, if you're building your own
You don't know, oh, oh
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
You don't manage people; you manage things. You lead people.
You don't need an engine to go downhill.
You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!
You don't need strength to let go of something. What you really need is understanding.
You don't need to look at the beauty to feel the love.
You don't seem mad at all,' she said.
You don't understand! I could've had class. I could've been a contender. I could've been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am.
You don't win races by wishing, you win them by running faster than everyone else does.
You dream. You plan. You reach. There will be obstacles. There will be doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work, with belief, with confidence and trust in yourself and those around you, there are no limits.
You enter the forest
You find beauty in ordinary things. Do not lose this ability.
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.
you got a sad story, ruth,' mimba said. 'but not sad-sad. you here with me and cato and all us together now. you have a happy-sad story. best you can get in this life is happy-sad. but you always gotta remember your own mama that birthed you. even though you only got a crumb of her story, you still got to say her name out loud. you always honor your dead, else you get trouble from them, sure.
You grow up a bit damaged or broken then you have some success but you don't know how to feel good about the work you're doing or the life you're leading.
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh at yourself.
You had me at hello.
You have a keen sense of humor and love a good time.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift... YOU!
You have been my friend. That in itself is a tremendous thing... By helping you, perhaps I was trying to lift up my life a trifle. Heaven knows anyone's life can stand a little of that.
You have brains in your head and feet in your shoes, you can steer yourself in any direction you choose.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...
You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you're faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you'll overcome it. Yes, you can.
You have every right to a beautiful life.
You have forgotten the One
You have made the moon," The Jester said. "That is the moon.
You have only always to do what is right. It will become easier by practice, and you enjoy in the midst of your trials the pleasure of an approving conscience.
You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity.
You have so much to be thankful for.
You have survived every single bad day so far.
You have to be an artist and a madman...
You have to be odd to be number one.
You have to be the bravest person in the world to go out every day, being yourself when no one likes who you are.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
You have to love dancing to stick to it. It gives you nothing back, no manuscripts to store away, no paintings to show on walls and maybe hang in museums, no poems to be printed and sold, nothing but that single fleeting moment when you feel alive.
You have to make it happen.
You have to rise above the squabbling and chaos, and keep believing. You have to always keep your goals in mind." -Hera, goddess of marriage
You have to, take a deep breath. and allow the music to flow through you. Revel in it, allow yourself to awe. When you play allow the music to break your heart with its beauty.
You have to teach your heart and mind how to sing together... then you'll hear the sound of your soul
You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever.This approach has never let me down.
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
You just hope that you will get the opportunity to do what you love and pay your bills, and that is being a success as an actor.
You kick ass Sam. And don't forget it
You know, bicycling isn't just a matter of balance," I said. "it's a matter of faith. You can keep upright only by moving forward. You have to have your eyes on the goal, not the ground. I'm going to call that the Bicyclist's Philosophy of Life.
You know," Daddy said, "it's some that can live their whole life out without asking about it and it's others has to know why it is, and this boy is one of the latters. He's going to be into everything!
You know how the tightrope guy at the circus wants everyone to believe his act is an art, but deep down you can see that he's really just hoping he makes it all the way across?
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve? You just put your lips together and blow.
You know, I think that only if one feels immensely important can one feel truly light.
You know me better than you think, you know, and you shall know me better yet.
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, but not what I've been through.
You know, sometimes I think this is just not it," he said, his glasses flashing from the early night's light.
You know that person you can call at 3 AM when the worst news comes? Thank them NOW for being that person for you. Don't wait for disaster! To the world you may be just one person, but to one person, you may be the world.
You know, the mind is a remarkable thing. Just because you can't see the wound doesn't mean it isn't hurting. It scars all the time, but it heals.
You know what I can't understand? You have all these people telling you all the time how great you are, smart and funny and talented and all that, I mean endlessly, I've been telling you for years. So why don't you believe it? why do you think people say that stuff, Em? Do you think it's a conspiracy, people secretly ganging up to be nice about you?
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it.
You know you are truly alive when you're living among lions.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You know you're in love when you don't want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You know you've reached true success the day you become truly humble. That's the day you stop needing to prove to the world - and yourself - that you've accomplished something meaningful.
You learn more from failure than from success. Don't let it stop you. Failure builds character.
You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.
You learn to write by writing, and by reading and thinking about how writers have created their characters and invented their stories. If you are not a reader, don't even think about being a writer.
You like me not because I like you. I like you just because I like me.
You'll never convince me there is a hopeless situation or there is any finality in any success or any failure.
You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down
You look at the tremendous success of Facebook. To my mind there is not a lot of commerce going on in these social networking sites. eBay is a community anchored in commerce. It is a commerce site that built a community around it. What has not been proven is if the reverse can happen and people will go to community sites to do commerce.
You look at yourself and you accept yourself for who you are, and once you accept yourself for who you are you become a better person.
You lose nothing when fighting for a cause ... In my mind the losers are those who don't have a cause they care about.
You love chinese food.
You make me want to be a better man.
You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you
You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.
You may be coated in chocolate, but I'm dipped in shit.
You may be dippy, but I'm dopey.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
You may choose to look the other way but you can never say again that you did not know.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
You may lie with your mouth, but with the mouth you make as you do so you none the less tell the truth.
You may lose your wife, you may lose your dog, your mother may hate you. None of those things matter. What matters is that you achieve success and become free. Then you can do whatever you like.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.
You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows that they might do because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift.
You may tend to get cancer from the thing that makes you want to smoke so much, not from the smoking itself.
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals.
You might as well answer the door, my child,
You might be an admirer of roses, but pardon me, I am a worshiper of their roots.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you don't take.
You must accept the reality of other people. You think that reality is up for negotiation, that we think it's whatever you say it is. You must accept that we are as real as you are; you must accept that you are not God.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
You must decide if you are going to rob the world or bless it with the rich, valuable, potent, untapped resources locked away within you.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
You must draw from that strength. You must increase it. And you must hold on to it because sometimes that small glimmer of inner strength is all that we have to help us press forward through the darkness.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.
You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.
You must learn to take a step back and visualize the whole piece. If you focus only on the thread given to you, you lose sight of what it can become.
You must not only aim right, but draw the bow with all your might.
You must remember what you are and what you have chosen to become, and the significance of what you are doing. There are wars and defeats and victories of the human race that are not military and that are not recorded in the annals of history. Remember that while you're trying to decide what to do.
You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life.
You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.
You need contradictions to make an ideal.
You need just the right amount of 'Fuck the world' and the right amount of belief in something...and you need the right amount of love.
You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.
You need to be aware of what others are doing, applaud their efforts, acknowledge their successes, and encourage them in their pursuits. When we all help one another, everybody wins.
You need to find a way to live your life, that it doesn't make a mockery of your values.
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.
You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
You never fail until you stop trying.
You never know what motivates you.
You never know what worse luck your bad luck has saved you from.
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family.
You never know who you are inspiring.
You never lose a dream. It just incubates as a hobby.
Young man, the secret of my success is that at early age I discovered that I was not God.
Young people everywhere have been allowed to choose between love and a garbage disposal unit. Everywhere they have chosen the garbage disposal unit.
Young people need the hands-on training that comes with a summer job. They need to know how to dress for success and nail job interviews. But most of all, they need mentorship, guidance, and inspiration.
You not only are hunted by others, you unknowingly hunt yourself.
You only get one life. Live it to the fullest. All your miseries will be forgiven when you will be dead.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
You only live twice:
You only need one man to love you. But him to love you free like a wildfire, crazy like the moon, always like tomorrow, sudden like an inhale and overcoming like the tides. Only one man and all of this.
You put the color in my rainbow.
Your actions reveal your thoughts more than you realize.
Your agricultural revolution is not an event like the Trojan War, isolated in the distant past and without relevance to your lives today. The work begun by those neolithic farmers in the Near East has been carried forward from one generation to the next without a single break, right into the present moment. It's the foundation of your vast civilization today in exactly the same way that it was the foundation of the very first farming village.
Your attitude is your altitude. It determines how high you fly.
Your attitude will go a long way in determining your success, your recognition, your reputation and your enjoyment in being a lawyer.
Your belief determines your action and your action determines your results, but first you have to believe.
Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself.
Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself...
Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.
Your complaints, your drama, your victim mentality, your whining, your blaming, and all of your excuses have NEVER gotten you even a single step closer to your goals or dreams. Let go of your nonsense. Let go of the delusion that you DESERVE better and go EARN it! Today is a new day!
Your consciousness is all there is. When you lose it, there is nothing there. Be conscious not subconscious.
Your daughter is ugly.
Your desires and dreams determine your direction.
Your dreams are never silly, depend on them to guide you.
You're alive, Bod. That means you have infinite potential. You can do anything, make anything, dream anything. If you can change the world, the world will change. Potential. Once you're dead, it's gone. Over. You've made what you've made, dreamed your dream, written your name. You may be buried here, you may even walk. But that potential is finished.
You really have to work hard and apply yourself and by applying yourself and working hard and being diligent, you can achieve success.
You're beautiful, but you're empty...One couldn't die for you. Of course, an ordinary passerby would think my rose looked just like you. But my rose, all on her own, is more important than all of you together, since she's the one I've watered. Since she's the one I put under glass, since she's the one I sheltered behind the screen. Since she's the one for whom I killed the caterpillars (except the two or three butterflies). Since she's the one I listened to when she complained, or when she boasted, or even sometimes when she said nothing at all. Since she's my rose.
Your educators can only be your liberators.
Your efforts will be worthwhile.
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.
You're gonna need a bigger boat.
Your emotional currents are flowing powerfully now.
You're never given a dream without also being given the power to make it true.
You're not a bad person, you're just a little bit different and I'm a sucker for that.
You're not a human being until you value something more than the life of your body. And the greater the thing you live and die for the greater you are.
You're not alone
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.
You're off to Great Places!
You're one click away from discovering your true self.
You're only poor if you give up. The most important thing is that you did something. Most people only talk and dream of getting rich. You've done something.
You're still a little shy, I see, the wizard noted. I think if you ignore evil, my friend, it tends to grow stronger. (Quinhelm, the wizard - from BRIGGEN)
You're water. We're the millstone.
Your future will be happy and productive.
Your goals don't care how you feel.
Your greatest self has been waiting your whole life; don't make it wait any longer.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Your heart is full of fertile seeds, waiting to sprout.
Your heaviest artillery will be your will to live. Keep that big gun going.
Your income is directly related to your philosophy, not the economy.
Your inner strength is your outer foundation
Your leadership qualities will shine soon.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
Your life has only one authority and that's you.
Your Life Is Happening Right Now: Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life; not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Your mother won a special reward," she told me, "because everyone had a head in her pictures. We all applauded.
Your opinion is not my reality.
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.
Your own positive future begins in this moment. All you have is right now. Every goal is possible from here.
Your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Your own Self-Realization is the greatest service you can render the world.
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding... And could you keep your heart in wonder at the daily miracles of your life, your pain would not seem less wondrous than your joy
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way.
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
Your principle should be to see everything and say nothing. The world changes so rapidly that if you want to get on you cannot afford to align yourself with any person or point of view.
Your problem is how you are going to spend this one and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
Your purpose may not always be obvious, but always remember that you do have a purpose.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself over and over again.
Your scent may be exquisite, but it's telling me that you're poison.
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.
Your success depends mainly upon what you think of yourself and whether you believe in yourself.
Your success story is a bigger story than whatever you're trying to say on stage. Success makes life easier. It doesn't make living easier.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Your thoughts, words and deeds are painting the world around you.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can't accept who you are.
Your tongue is your ambassador.
You run ahead? Are you doing it as a shepherd? Or as an exception? A third case would be the fugitive. First question of conscience.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
Your vocation in life is where your greatest joy meets the world's greatest need.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
Your world is a living expression of how you are using and have used your mind.
Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.
You save yourself or you remain unsaved.
You say, it's dark. And in truth, I did place a cloud before your sun. But do you not see how the edges of the cloud are already glowing and turning light.
You see countries like India really investing in their space program because they see it as inspirational and good for their economy.
You see, the deaf have an intimacy with silence. It's there in their dreams.
You see things; you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?
you shall be told what pleased me to-day in the writings of
You should never assume. You know what happens when you assume. You make an ass out of you and me because that's how it's spelled.
You should never be surprised when someone treats you with respect, you should expect it.
You shouldn't judge someone until you've walk a mile through an underground tunnel in her uncomfortable shoes
You should respect each other and refrain from disputes; you should not, like water and oil, repel each other, but should, like milk and water, mingle together.
You show me a capitalist, and I'll show you a bloodsucker
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.
You soak up my soul and mingle me. Each drop of my blood cries out to the earth. We are partners, blended as one.
You stand with the least likely to succeed until success is succeeded by something more valuable: kinship. You stand with the belligerent, the surly and the badly behaved until bad behavior is recognized for the language it is: the vocabulary of the deeply wounded and of those whose burdens are more than they can bear.
You take all the things that frighten you, and when you can get them to work for you all of sudden people are calling you a success.
You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame.
You talkin' to me?
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.
You think maybe if you just work harder and faster, you can hold off the chaos, but then one day you're changing a patio light bulb with a five-year life span and you realize how you'll only be changing this light maybe ten more times before you'll be dead.
You think of yourself
You think the thing you call consciousness is some mysterious gift from the heavens, but in the end consciousness is nothing but the context in which your thinking occurs. Consciousness is the feel of accessing memory.
You think you know when you learn, are more sure when you can write, even more when you can teach, but certain when you can program.
Youth is an intoxication without wine, someone says. Life is an intoxication. The only sober man is the melancholiac, who, disenchanted, looks at life, sees it as it really is, and cuts his throat. If this be so, I want to be very drunk. The great thing is to live, to clutch at our existence and race away with it in some great and enthralling pursuit. Above all, I must beware of all ultimate questions- they are too maddeningly unanswerable- let me eschew philosophy and burn Omar.
You told me once of the plants that lie dormant through the drought, that wait, half-dead, deep in the earth. The plants that wait for the rain. You said they'd wait for years, if they had to; that they'd almost kill themselves before they grew again. But as soon as those first drops of water fall, those plants begin to stretch and spread their roots. They travel up through the soil and sand to reach the surface. There's a chance for them again.
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,
You've got this life and while you've got it, you'd better kiss like you only have one moment, try to hold someone's hand like you will never get another chance to, look into people's eyes like they're the last you'll ever see, watch someone sleeping like there's no time left, jump if you feel like jumping, run if you feel like running, play music in your head when there is none, and eat cake like it's the only one left in the world!
You've got to ask yourself one question: 'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya punk?
You've got to eat while you dream. You've got to deliver on short-range commitments, while you develop a long-range strategy and vision and implement it. The success of doing both. Walking and chewing gum if you will. Getting it done in the short-range, and delivering a long-range plan, and executing on that.
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
You've got to have a dream, if you want to have a dream come true.
You've got to show the world who you are before it tells you. Otherwise you become victim to someone you're not.
You wanna know what scares people? Success. When you don't make moves and when you don't climb up the ladder, everybody loves you because you're not competition.
"You want to prepossess him in your favour? Then you must be embarrassed before him."
You wear the brains in the family.
You were born together, and together you shall be for evermore...But let there be spaces in your togetherness...Love one another, but make not a bond of love. Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. Fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup. Give one another of your bread but eat not of the same loaf. Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone, Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.
You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.
You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?
You were designed for accomplishment, engineered for success, and endowed with the seeds of greatness.
You were free, you are free and you will be free.
You were not born on earth to please anyone; you have to live life to express yourself, not to impress someone. Don't pretend to be someone you're not, and never lose yourself in search of other people's acceptance and approval.
You weren't born just to live a life and to die; you were born to accomplish something specifically. Matter of fact, success is making it to the end of your purpose; that is success... Success is not just existing. Success is making it to the end of why you were born.
You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.
You will always find a peaceful world in your heart and mind when you are kind.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
You will be a failure, until you impress the subconscious with the conviction you are a success. This is done by making an affirmation which 'clicks.'
You will find peace everywhere when you are in love with humanity.
You will have to make up for the smallness of your size by your courage and selfless devotion to duty, for it is not life that matters, but the courage, fortitude and determination you bring to it.
You will make all kinds of mistakes; but as long as you are generous and true and also fierce you cannot hurt the world or even seriously distress her. She was meant to be wooed and won by youth.
You will never be able to escape from your heart. So it's better to listen to what it has to say.
You will never follow your own inner voice until you clear up the doubts in your mind.
You will never know how high you can climb until you reach the top.
You will see that the things you desire most are the very things that bring you the greatest sorrow.
You will write if you will write without thinking of the result in terms of a result, but think of the writing in terms of discovery, which is to say that creation must take place
You would have made a fine warrior, you know that?"
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
